the soul, just as information, is sticky and can be recombined because it is embodied in solids, that is, bodies

Those neural alchemists wanted to turn Homo sapiens into Homo phantasticus by technologizing the dream. They didn't realize a civilization is just a psychological system embodied in a non-linear social system

There is a real need to ground our various cultures in trustworthy, data-driven standards that we all agree on and to be able to know what behaviors and policies work and which don’t. So far this is what we have learned: greed does not work

In converting to a digital society, we’ve lost touch with traditional notions of truth and justice. Justice used to be mostly informal and normative. We’ve now formalized it. At the same time, we’ve put it out of reach for most people. Our legal systems are failing us in a way they didn’t before, precisely because they’re now more formal, more digital, less embedded in society

Your view of justice depends on your history. And what's the history of those AI systems? Without data, AI is nothing. That's why you create massive ammounts of useless data: to feed your AI systems. And you have the stupid idea that if you control the data, then you control the AI

By digitizing society you turn citizens into mere users. Users who feed on data and generate data that feeds your AI, turning your AI into a junk-data shredder with which they design a junk-reality. Don't give it another thought

You are as separate from history as you are from nature. You are just data. You are happy with simple truths. This saves you from thinking and reflecting. You don't even debate anymore, you just give your opinion, without realizing that what you turn into words are not your ideas or your thoughts: they are the data you feed on

Technology is just a method to achieve a goal. But the method cannot replace the goal. You have turned technology into a goal, the goal. Therefore no direction higher than technology can emerge in your world. Civilization was always a means to achieve technology, and technology was meant to be a means to achieve the real goal: knowledge. You have failed and therefore you will remain a D-civilization
