viral-mediated gene delivery has become the method of choice for opsin expression in the field. Expression through viral-mediated gene delivery provides a superior ability to flexibly target any brain region in humans as they naturally penetrate into host cells and efficiently exploit the native transcription machinery to drive the expression of viral genes

the NEU-1233 is a brain nanoimplant that control specific brain areas where previously  transgene-encoded proteins are synthesized, transported anterogradely out to the axon terminals and integrated into the membrane to allow optogenetic modulation of axonal projections. The vector is an adenovirus of type  DENIED who was initially used in primates and DENIED humans

The helmet integrates intimately with the brain and light is used to transiently and reversibly modulate the physiological properties of defined cells, typically in the context of an active neural circuit in vivo.  There is practically no time difference between the pilot's thought about locking a target and the actual lock, and the entire  system reacts smoothly and timely to whatever decision the pilot takes. To be honest, the pilot takes no decision at all. It is  the on-board computer the one that takes the decision as per the war algorithms. We don't really need a pilot at all: we just need  his brain; in fact, we just need any brain

this method allows targeting of neurons based on specific synaptic connectivity in what we call 'monosynaptic circuit-based targeting'. After the proper targeting of optogenetic tools to neural circuits of interest, the next step consists of designing an optical neural interface for in vivo light delivery into deep brain structures. The selected optogenetic configuration requires optical fibers to deliver sufficient light to shallow or deep brain targets, all of which is  integrated in the helmet. The helmet is a complex pice of technology consisting of LEDs, optical fibers controlled by a waveform generator, and advanced optical shutters

An ape and a human have essentially the same brain. While in combat, we can dispose of some 20% of the brain capability and  focus on the remaining 80% so, yes, we could use apes instead of humans. However, the mammalian brain is comprised of billions  of neurons which are spatially organized in different brain structures to process different types of information and the goal  of system neuroscience is to understand how groups of neurons work together to perform efficient information processing. It happens we do have at our disposal a corpus of human neuroscientific knowledge which is lacking on what concerns the brain of apes, so we naturally go for humans instead of apes

What do you mean by 'normal'? Are you asking whether the pilot is a normal human like you and me? No, it is not. The optogenetic  network modulator is an implant that impairs the normal behavior of the subject. To all effect, he is a walking dead, a flying dead, to be  precise. He excels in navigating a damn compex vehicle like the PSV as he and the vehicle act as one. No human could do that, I mean, not  the human you could have a drink with. PSV's pilots are subsystems themselves. Again, the pilot ceases to be a human, much as the aircraft ceases  to be an aircraft. You don't fight non-humans with humans, otherwise you'd have no chance at all
