We followed the standard procedure. The story the person under investigation told was internally consistent; the subject told the story with evident emotional; she revealed the same story while under hypnosis, and she had no records of any mental disorder or traumatic event in her life. We then handled the woman over to SV17q

In Loudun was a convent of Ursuline nuns, most of whom were daughters of the nobility, and among them was Madame de Sazille, a relative of Cardinal Richelieu. At this time Prior Moussaut, who had charge of the spiritual welfare of these nuns, died and Father Grandier, who had never had any connection with the convent, offered himself as a candidate to succeed Prior Moussaut. This bore its natural fruit in the dreams of the nuns. Erotic dreams of women resulted in giving Father Grandier an unsavory reputation

She swallowed spiders, she merely vomited, without further bad effects. She pounded glass and gulped it down, but in vain. Putting her hand on an old blunt knife, she tried hard to cut her throat, but could not succeed. Next, choosing a softer place, her belly, she forced the iron into her inwards. For four whole hours she worked, and writhed and bled. But nothing answered her hopes; even this wound soon closed. To crown her woes, the life that she hated so, grew stronger within her. Her heart was dead indeed, but what of that? She became a woman once more, and alas! desirable still, a temptation for her gaolers, brutal fellows of the Bishop’s household, who, in spite of the horrors of the place, the unhealthy and unclean condition of the wretched creature, would come to take their pleasure of her, deeming any outrage permissible on a Witch

There is only one way to reconcile the two spirits and unite the two Churches. This is to demolish the new one, the one which, from its earliest beginnings, was declared sinful and damnable. Let us destroy, if we can, all the sciences of nature, demolish the observatory, the museum, the botanic garden, the school of medicine, every library of modern books. Let us burn our legal enactments and our codes. Let us go back to the Canon Law

Manda mio Signore dolce spiracolo, dal quale alimento
l’anima eterna vive. Deh dunque prepariamo l’esca al fuoco,
siccità, siccità dell’ amor proprio, per accendersi quel
di Dio nel cuore nostro; poiché convenirsi non ponno umido,
e fuoco. Ecco pronto cadente stà l’amor Divino; prepariamo
il cuore per abbruciarlo, il quale consumato dice basta
