In infinite space, even the most unlikely events must take place somewhere

they used the Queltron machine to perform something they called quantum photography, that is, using virtual photons to photograph objects from hidden dimensions. In essence, they hypothesized that photons bouncing off objects in the hidden dimension could traverse the bulk separating both theirs and ours universes and pop up on this side of the fence, albeit for an extremely short period of time. Virtual particles are extremely short-lived, that's why they are virtual. However, if they happen to enter into a closed-timelike curve, then they would survive time enough for us to measure them. Capturing those photons and measuring them would allow you to theoretically 'photograph' the objects from the parallel Universe. Basically, that's what quantum photography is all about

We all accept the existence of things that we cannot see but could see if we moved to a different vantage point. In this case, it is the virtual photons what move to a vantage point: the CTC trap. We merely measure them and try to reconstruct the original object from which they bounced off. I'll tell you something, it is a lot easier to do quantum photography and take a picture of the other side than to photograph a dream. We can perform a wondeful experiment: to send an entangled photon to the other side hoping they can notice it and reply back with other photons. That way we could establish some sort of primitive communication channels with our neighbours from the parallel universe

No, we don't believe in UFOs, that is, manned or intelligent probes from another galaxy. However, we do believe in laser pointers projecting a red dot on a wall, and we do believe in cats chasing those glowing dots, and we also believe in the possibility of we being cats living in a wall and someone else living in a parallel universe projecting laser dots on the wall we live in for us to see them. Maybe your UFOs are just that: luminous effects from an energy source located in the parallel universe to which we have no direct access. See, we have been busy figuring out how a ball lightning really works, and we now fully understand the ball lightning phenomena except for just one thing: they need a supply of energy, and we do not see the source and where's that energy coming from, so we thought it may well be the case that the energy source lies somewhere in the parallel world

You already have a time machine; it is called 'a telescope'. Telescopes are time machines, as they escort us back in time so that when peep at a star or any other object a few million light years away, you are in fact seeing that object as it existed a few million years ago. Quantum photography is actually a telescope used to peep at stars and objects that are not a few million light years away but, instead, a mere 10
-43
meters away, on the parallel universe, just in front of your nose, yet hidden

Dynamic exchange of information in the presence of noise and under power and bandwidth constraints is one thing, dynamic exchange of dreams is just another one. Distributed information systems in the Universe require dreams, and dreams require dreamers. Understand this, and you'll understand yours and the many universes around you. Have you ever thought that the world in your dreams stands out in its own right and has its own laws of physics? Have you ever measured the speed of light in your dreams? What about this: your dreams are not yours, never were
