Though ideas about extraterrestrials fundamentally transform thinking about time and space, modernity and post-modernity, and the possibilities for intergalactic communication, those in the IC community only consider one, and only one, possibility: they are a potential planetary threat. This explains why there is an active campaign to shape how ideas about aliens materialize in the popular consciousness, a campaign which includes control of all areas shaping the culture and arts of society

 and its technological, scientific, and military supremacy. The aliens render the ‘home’ of America as both strange and familiar, and uncannily reveal tensions existing in the collective American unconscious. The uncanny blending of fact and fiction ultimately resulted in a hysteric and mythic reaction that opened up the possibility for imagining alien invasion in the United States, and ideas about invading extraterrestrials from far-away planets have persisted in American popular culture ever since

as anxieties regarding nuclear weaponry surmounted, ideas about aliens in the United States polarized into two very different strands of thinking. The first line of thinking considers aliens as technologically superior, invading and abducting creatures that have conspired with the U.S. government to create an intergalactic interbreeding program with humans. The other popular consideration is that of the benevolent, wise and warning alien, which surfaced during the atomic age, became quite popular throughout the Cold War, and has remained an enduring trope for thinking about extraterrestrials in the present


the aliens in the human imaginarium


“Othering,” racism, xenophobia, nativism and discrimination are inherently related concepts that intersect and overlap and will therefore build upon or incorporate assumptions from one another. The foundation of “othering” is constructed on the imbalance of power, as with much in the realm of oppressive and discriminatory behaviors. Essentially, “othering” can be understood as a social method of identifying individuals thought to be different from one’s self or culture, most specifically the majority culture, that creates or emphasizes dominance and subordination. Within this view, extraterrestrials can easily be treated as migrants, or as the intelligence community call them, unsolicited visitors

the key difference is that while the public continue imagining what an extraterrestrial culture might look like, we at the intelligence community perform simulations about what our planetary culture would be impacted after contacting an extraterrestrial civilization of which, for all we know, it is clearly hostile. Our problem is that by the very nature of our work we cannot directly influence how society views extraterrestrials, hence we simply decided to conceal our work

Look, each new communication technology moved humankind closer to a state of perfect communication, a state in which the implicit links that bind all become manifest. Perfect communication is equated with perfect harmony. We had the naive idea of the emergence of a higher mental civilization as the end result of rational progress. The real deal is that communications is the backbone of wars. In the past, we used the saucer as a symbol of the immanent threat of Soviet communism. Today, we use UAPs as the immanent threat of Chinese oligarchy. Close examination of communication between human and Other reveals much about the shifting relations between rationality and irrationality, science and religion, self and other
