Our first hypothesis was that the disease has to do with a neurovirus, most likely transmitted by a bug, but any attempt to identify the virus failed miserably. Genetic screening also failed in identifying any genetic anomaly in the genome of the subjects that were investigated; neither bacteria nor environemntal toxins or spores were ever identified as the cause of this enigmatic disease. We even abducted some Miskitu individuals and brought them to DENIED for a thorough study. We used everything at hand trying to get an insight of the cause of the disease, to no avail. PET, NMR, biomolecular screening, genetic therapy, we tried everything. Yet, we know nothing about this interesting disease

At first, the NGOs working in the area gave a warmth welcome to the members of this new NGO. We were baffled by the wealth of resources they brought. They set up an advanced lab, close to the river, in Santo Tomás de Umra. They were not talkative people at all. We later knew they were military personnel of some sort. At least two of them were seen in the river, sampling water and plants, dressed in military uniforms with strange badges we couldn't recognize

The Dyatlov Pass incident is clearly related to grisi siknis; in both cases those afflicted enter into a trancelike state and show frenzied behavior. Victims often rip off their clothes, flee into the forest, and develop superhuman strength. Reducing a subject once the disease outbreaks is a hard task requiring at least six to seven heavely armed and well trained men. They think nothing of attacking whoever or whatever stands between them and the dark force that beckons. The similarity to several reported incidents in what it was then known as Soviet Union made us believe the cause is clearly a military biological weapon or, at least, that the military is involved somehow

Look, the outbreak in villages along the Río Coco in 2003 followed the crash inside Nicaragua of a Fairchild C-123K, close to Krin Krin. To establish a correlation between both events you first need to know what was that airplane carrying and, guess what? DoD denies any crash at all. The plane simply didn't exist. No records, no witnesses, no reports. Nothing

On December 2003 the Bush administration reached a free-trade deal with El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua for immediate duty-free access to half of all US farm exports and 80% of consumer goods. Anmelys Co. was one of the companies exporting seeds to Nicaragua. Ever heard of that company? No? Me either. Period

The report stated that the young girl fell into a trance with her mouth moving uncontrollably. Her eyes turned red and it was necessary to tie her up or risk having her flee. Then her abdomen showed a bulging and finally the girl vomited a live spider. We were interested in the red eyes, which is characteristic of the grisi siknis condition. We found those same red eyes in those exposed to the object recovered in the Varginha Incident, therefore we hypothesized that perhaps SV17q was right when they stated there was no Fairchild C-123K crashing in Krin Krin after all

The interesting thing here is what the people afflicted narrate about what they see while in trancelike state. They all describe small, black men riding red horses that offer them a cup filled with blood

Bilocation is something we are interested in. People having simultaneously the same vision while being separated 5 miles away from each other is something we consider of extreme defense significance. We want to know where they go during the vision, and who they meet. We wish to know who are those beings they meet while in trance. And we won't stop till we find the answers we are looking for. If some Miskito or Mayangna die during our research we don't care

March, 2013: Royal Caribbean’s Vision of the Seas experienced a norovirus outbreak on its recent 11-day cruise. The outbreak affected over 100 of the almost 2000 guests and several crew members, which is just over 5% of those onboard

March, 2010: Royal Caribbean's Vision of the Seas departed from Port Santos, Brazil when 348 people onboard were contracted norovirus. Nausea, vomiting and diarrhea were some of the symptoms experienced by the passengers

A critical review of Chinese Koro
