It could be said that the major effect of psi is to bias systems towards a particular outcome, be those systems biological or inanimate, brains or electronic machines. Obviously, biasing an enemy system towards a particular outcome is of utmost interest to us

The Pentagon has poured millions of dollars into constructing an infrastructure-protection package aimed at limiting hacker access to manipulate or corrupt our data storage resources in peacetime or wartime. One specific data processor, however, has received far less attention in US thinking. It is the security of the data processor known as the mind, which unfortunately has no innate firewall to protect it from either deceptive or electromagnetic processes. As a result, the mind of the soldier on the battlefield is potentially the most exploitable and unprotected information warfare capability our military possesses

ESP would be more likely to occur than PK, as, even though complex, it would still be occurring between two biological systems, whereas a PK effect could only occur where the properties of the source system had something in common with the receiving system. For example, if there are frequency effects in the psi signal, we might find that there are systems upon which we would not be able to exert PK as we would not have an overlapping frequency window. Unfortunately, until we have a better understanding of the signal itself, it is difficult to predict which target systems would be most sensitive with any greater detail than has been given

technology per se is relevant but not sufficient in the long run; we are quickly transitioning to quantum computers without fully understanding the mind-matter interaction process. We are only now discovering that a quantum computer can be hacked by using high strangeness phenomena having to do with the understudied psi abilities of the human brain

psi-weapons are used to realize the most usual effect of a psi stimulus, which is to produce a non-specific psychological state due to a change in levels of physiological arousal. External sensory cues and expectations then serve to allow a meaning to be assigned to that stimulus. This is why all encounters with DENIED technological objects are somehow 'staged' by their owners. To counter this, we investigated encounters of UFOs with unmanned drones. You can directly engage the UFO with an unmanned drone, something you cannot do with an aircraft

Recent experiments at XViS suggest that there is a psychic sense that works much like our other five senses, by detecting change. Given that physicists are currently grappling with an understanding of time, it may be that this psychic sense scans the future for major change, much as our eyes scan the environment for visual change or our ears allow us to respond to sudden changes in sound. Weaponizing this newly accepted psychic sense is the entire goal of the XViS program

XViS success came when the team was able to predict the Yulara event using a single remote viewing of the Yulara site. The team of viewers provided details far beyond what could be taken as a reasonable guess. The difference from past experiments run by SRI and SAIC is that today we know a lot more about how the brain works, and that we now have powerful consciousness-altering synthetic drugs and metamaterials, as well as whole new range of extremely sensitive sensors, all of which boosted the research

physiological measurements are taken over a continuous time period, during which participants are shown a series of pictures at randomly spaced times. Some of the pictures are disturbing and others are neutral. Physiology is compared for the few seconds just before the pictures are shown, and it appears that peoples’ physiology is actually anticipating when a disturbing picture is about to be shown, compared to when a neutral picture is about to be shown. Presentiment, as it is called, will be crucial in future all-quantum battlespace
