Evilware is a privacy-invasive software that glues all systems and subsystems used by a minority in order to oppress and repress a majority

an authoritarian regime can conduct cohesive information warfare or cyber warfare. Such a regime can cope better with chaos, and thus advance its agenda as, by weakening other nations, it strengthens the regime’s power at home

Accuracy is a critical dimension of information quality and thus all of our efforts within the national misinformation strategy aim at debasing and minimizing as much as possible the accuracy of critical information. You see, people can easily acquire false beliefs about the world as a result of inaccurate and misleading information. The moment you weaponize information you turn it into propaganda, but the moment you turn it into misinformation you are just a step away from making disinformation out of information. The idea is then to create false beliefs that can lead to significant emotional, physical, and financial harm

A future war with China will be defined by the air and sea domains together with the new domains of space and cyber. As a result the Army has a tremendous disadvantage in the strategic arguments and in upcoming budget fights. In order to adapt successfully to this enormous shift, the Army will have to address the following four challenges: focusing on the nation’s secondary theater; the increasing relevance of fires over maneuver; the new demands of homeland defense; and the growing importance of the reserve component

New information technologies allows to easily generate disinformation. AI and neural systems are basically trained to lie. When the primary intent of AI systems is to give reliable answers to legitimate problems, then our strategy is to corrupt the data bases used to train those systems. Wikipedia is a nice example of how tweaking with the edition process can produce fabricated lies which, if fed into an AI learning system, will end up in an AI system generating false conclusions. On the other hand, these systems are making it easier for people to create and disseminate information that is intended to deceive

DENIED program sole goal is to trick news services into disseminating inaccurate or misleading information. We use neural systems to create deliberate misleading information with such a high quality that discerning disinformation from information is nearly impossible. The design is based on advanced game theoretic models of deceptive lying. We all know any election campaign, anywhere, is plagued with half-truths and outright lies; we all know so-called scientific papers in respected science journals are also heavely affected by misinformation. Once God was killed next target was killing Einstein

Modern war is not based on the premise that the better informed your commanders are, the higher chance they have to win. It is based on the premise that the more disinformed your enemy is, the better chance you have to win

Have you ever give an AI system a polygraph test? It is fun: they never pass the test
