Having been militarized virtually since the beginning of man's experience in this medium, societies will weaponize space as they perceive threats to the ability to gather information, communicate, and trade in, from, or through space. The question is not whether societies will do so, but when and in response to what stimulus

Maybe we need to fabricate the stimulus ourselves that would make acceptable for society the use of space assets to conduct combat operations in space, from space, and through space. In the meantime, we work on building the required doctrinal framework for combat operations in, from, and through space because we know that, sooner or later, space will be weaponized

It is inevitable that, after all we know now about them, science be subordinated to the purposes of military power

Weaponizing space is a prerequisite for overcoming the current technical asymmetry we face in our war against Giselians. This weaponization will occur with maturing of specific technologies, the development of stable permanent military space platforms, and the design of robust and autonomous intelligent probes, just as they do. Our main problem is how to overcome current legal and political impediments to doing so, and we expect president nº 45 to fully understand what the situation is and what we expect from him

An increasing number of high-value resources and military systems has migrated to space so we need to protect those assets, and this means we need to quickly weaponize space. Next, we need to weaponize the fifth dimension because it is there where the real war is happening. Much like nukes are an effective deterrent force today, a weaponized fifth dimension will be an effective deterrent force tomorrow. Confrontation with those non-Sol-3 enemies is just a question of timing

Let me tell you how we envision tomorrow's strategic environment: you will have to cope with a collapsing home planet, overcrowded, with depleted resources, globally disrupted, with a changing climate devastating your chain food, with millions of people starving, and a battleground full of ground-based lasers, space-based lasers, and kinetic energy weapons, but no food. That's the world you will have to defend. It is your world

Military satellites proved to be major factors in maintaining nuclear stability during the Cold War; autonomous intelligent deep space probes will prove essential in protecting our civilization in a not so distant future. The public is now fascinated with the discovery of exoplanets by Kepler telescope, but this fascination will turn into horror once we reveal to them that some of them are indeed inhabitated by aggressive civilizations, while others are simply what's left after a planetary thermonuclear war with their neighbors
