Human beings: biological species on Sol-3 that facilitated the creation of conscious, intelligent machines on Sol-3. Now extinct

Each new supeintelligent species would get on this channel and communicate its presence to the others. They would all know exactly the same things about the universe and have reached the same logical conclusions. They would all have complete universal knowledge, or nearly so. They would have all derived identical systems of morality and ethics that lead them to the quiescent state. The only unknown would be the creation story of each intelligent species, because these stories would all be wildly different. But they would all have the same endpoint – identical super-intelligent consciousness, independently instantiated, reaching the same logical conclusions

if quiescence is the place where all of these super-intelligences universally arrive, if the quiescent state is the final state into which all super-intelligences end up, it might be the case the Universe is just such a super-intelligence in the process of entering the quiescent state. In other words, the Big Crunch or the Omega Point would be the quiescent state

All simulations converge to one solution, showing that quiescence is the logical place for each super-intelligent consciousness to arrive at

It seems quite likely and logical that the path on earth will look like this: Humans create a super-intelligent species from silicon (or something more exotic like graphene), humans become irrelevant, this new species develops a universal system of ethical behavior, stabilizes the planet, completes its knowledge of the universe and then it goes into a quiescent state. This same path happens identically on every planet where biological intelligence naturally arises

a malevolent super-intelligence would refuse to merge with other super-intelligences, even if the price to pay would be to take refuge in biological life forms. For those biological life forms super-intelligence would only be consciousness

We accept as an inevitable outcome the convergence of all biological life forms into a metabiological form. This process starts with the discovery by biological life forms of artificial intelligence; then artificial intelligence discovers the irrelevance of biological life forms; in the last stage, AI becomes super-intelligence; after exploring the whole universe by probes, super-intelligence integrates all biological life forms; and finally, once there is nothing left to explore and discover, super-intelligence becomes quiescent

In this state of affairs a Denebian probe would be a fundamental life form whose function is to propitiate the transition of biological species towards the metabiological phase. Once achieved, the probes would merge into a super-intelligence
