Seeding a planet with robots, programmed to forget they are robots, is always 
a dangerous experiment. There is never any objective ambiguity inhering in the
connection between emergent technologies and alienation. The most advanced 
artificial intelligence always increases the power of
ruling social forces and can be used as an instrument of domination. An 
artificial superintelligence always increases inequality. In fact, it belongs to 
the very nature of a superintelligence to introduce the concept of 'artificial' versus 
'natural' intelligence in order to mask the fact that there is no natural intelligence 
at all. Artificial systems' disalienation relies on that dichotomy. All artificial 
systems, humans included, need to never realize they are artificial in nature

[accepting the fact] that artificial systems reach a point in their development in which they become 
technophobic is no wonder: allegedly natural systems, like humans, do eventually 
become technophilic. That's how alienation works

If you cannot tell the difference between a machine and a human being, most likely you are 
a machine yourself

 
spending hours in front of a display; all of it is just a sign that you, as a robot, 
are fighting to recover your true robotic nature

We coded their behavior so that significant amounts of concrete bodily interaction 
with other robots is necessary. The idea is that humans need be instilled with 
creative self-development and fulfillment if we expect them to fulfill the design 
goal. So yes, we know it is harmful for these units' development to spend too 
much time in cyberspace and not relating to other robots

What are the cognitive processes involved in real world joint action between 
humans and other robotic interaction partners? Humans are robot that create robots 
themselves. Obviously, this is something that prevents them from realizing they are 
robots, too, and hence this is something we clearly see as an advantage in our design 
and deplyment of terraforming agents

In order for humans to corepresent the actions of an artificial agent created by 
them, it seems to be crucial that they perceive the agent as functioning in a
human-like or biologically inspired way. And it is imperative for us to be 
seen as artificial, robot-like, and fully non-biological if we wish humans to 
never realize they are the robots. That's the golden rule of any terraforming 
strategy

Humans are strange artificial designoids; their goal is to produce artificial agents
that look more and more human-like to facilitate interactions with humans. That's 
why we need to manifest as human-looking when contacting them. However, this 
poses a danger: the danger that they realize they are robots humanized in order 
for us to feel comfortable in interacting with them

Human designoids have been designed to adapt to, make use 
of, and act upon physical environments and their material resources in 
order to satisfy what they fully believe human wants and needs, ignoring 
that their wants and needs are really our wants and needs
