the only reason that signs have meaning at all is because they have been intended by someone and later becomes interpreted by someone. In the case of DENIED, we ignore all about the 'someone', and clearly we are not the intended recipients

We know the signal is artificial, in the sense that there is no natural phenomena that could produce that signal. The origin and nature of the signal is not under discussion here. The issue here is whether we can distinguish between intended meaning and interpreted meaning of the signal

Interpreting ETI signals is just one of many language games. The meaning of the signal escapes our knowledge because meaning is intimately tied to the activities of the users, individually and collectively, and we have no access to the users of the signals, unless they are sufficiently advanced as to having taken the precaution of adapting the signal so as to make it intelligible to humans. If that's the case, either we are more stupid than they think, or they know little about our real capabilities

They obviously were - and possibly are - among us. We hold this view based on the fact that to approach the organic ever-evolving sign system of language is not to approach something that has fallen out of the sky. Human linguistic meaning is always embedded in the culture and nature of human beings and it is preceded by perception and experience, therefore the beings who designed the beacons had (or have) a deep knowledge of human beings if they were (or are) expecting us to correctly understand their signals

There is an intriguing hypothesis: that there does exist a so-called converging evolution according to which, given a planet with the atmosphere and biosphere of Sol-3, the resulting life forms can be predicted at cognitive level. That is, once they had fully characterized the biogeochemistry of Sol-3 at Cambrian age, they knew human-like life forms would eventually evolve, and thus they buried the beacons knowing in advanced we would find them

The interpretation of an ETI signal will always be influenced by the context, and we refuse to believe they could possibly know the context within which we would be interpreting their signals. For this to happen the only conclusion is that they knew quite in advanced what the context would be because they 'engineered' us. In other words: accepting they know the context in advance only means they created us. We are not ready to accept this

There is a primary need in all living organisms which we expect exobiological systems to lack, and which actuates all their apparently unzoological aims, their wistful fancies, their consciousness of value, their utterly impractical enthusiasms, and their awareness of a “Beyond”. This basic need, which certainly is obvious in humans, is the need of symbolization
