variety-increasing” procedures and therefore each system has the capacity to manage its relationship with the environment by incorporating elements that it considers relevant into its own operation. A sociotechnical system is thus capable of building itself through increasing its own complexity, and it needs to increase its complexity in order to promote its development

What flows within sociotechnical systems and promotes their development is information. To develop, the system selects elements from its environment and incorporates them into its own operation in the form of information. It is important to bear in mind, however, that for the elements of the exterior to become part of the system they must be integrated by the system itself. Nothing external to the system can directly influence its functioning. Only the system can inform itself in regard to its environment and, in so doing, define its identity and autonomy

machines lack a life-world, that intersubjective, pre-reflexive and implicit source of knowledge that is shared by life-forms and, in being shared, serves as a platform to generate common meaning and enable intra-species understanding. Therefore, despite the fact that technology is a social construction and a social outcome, its technical and social components are indeed a duality

the agency and structure of technologies cannot be considered a property of either technical artifacts or a mere extension of human actions but of the coupling between a human (psychic system) and artifacts or social systems and artifact. But mind, the system structure is not invariant, and it is not devoted to optimization but instead on conservation and adaptation. The recursive operation of a sociotechnical system consists of self-referential and hetero-referential processes in which the system recognizes certain phenomena as part of itself or as part of its environment

a sociotechnical system that fails to evaluate the adequacy of its technological devices or compare them with the ones used by the adversarial systems with which it must compete (factual dimension), that loses its capacity to recognize its members (social dimension), or that is not able to elaborate an adequate image of its space and time (temporal dimension) is most likely a system that is doomed to dissolve

the cognition that operates within a sociotechnical system is distributed among humans and instruments. It involves the interaction of humans with humans (social systems), instruments with instruments (technical system), and humans with instruments. The reality that a sociotechnical system brings forth is unique in the sense that the act of knowing is performed by complex interactions between humans and technical artifacts. Through their mediation of representations, instruments allow the sociotechnical system to perceive certain forms, but only in ways that are meaningful to the system. This is why every act of cognition involves uncertainty

The perception of the market and the recognition of opportunities, which is crucial in trades, are created collectively by the traders and their instruments. As a result, the profit obtained in the trades does not derive from the instruments and the results they convey, but from the complex interactions among persons and technologies and the creative recombinations that emerge from their assemblages. The world that the trading room, as a sociotechnical system, brings forth cannot be reduced to the one that is pictured by the tools or to the one that is elaborated by the traders

The information that is incorporated by the system is the result of a process of selection by which the system decides what would be considered meaningful and what would be discarded. Meaning, then, is what allows the system to select among multiple alternatives and consequently, to reduce and maintain its complexity. But the system itself is meaning to other supersystem, and thus it will be incoporated in turn to this supersystem, or annihilated if found meaningless

Saying that humans as well as non-humans have the capacity to act does not mean that material artifacts can select among infinite alternatives and attach meaning to their decisions as humans do: I choose to use the software, the software does not intentionally change my life; a mathematical formula cannot ponder its relationship to the financial market, let alone “make its mind up” to occasion changes in that market; the electrons do not decide to coordinate in network form in order to become a mediating force; and “results” cannot talk and much less know what safe flight means. All these artifacts, and nonhumans in general, can and do have an impact on the operation of sociotechnical systems, but it is only in their interaction – coupling – with a group of humans (social dimension) in a given time and space (temporal dimension) that they contribute in the configuration of a sociotechnical system’s meaning structure

Let's consider two situations. One, in which a social system composed of two individuals interact with the technical system of a Xerox machine in order to achieve very specific goals (e.g. to photocopy); and another one in which a social system consisting of two humans interact with a non-human technical system, such as a Denebian probe. In the first situation, the humans needed to understand and attach significance to the technical system's behavior, which makes the operation of the sociotechnical system as a whole highly contingent. In the second situation, humans are interacting with an alien object which operates under an exotic logic, and therefore the required crucial interpretative act breaks down, which causes this sociotechnical system humans/Denebian-probe to fail
