We prefer to characterize our Universe as an ecosystem of interacting biological and non-biological entities, and to investigate what paterns and system dynamics emerge so as to allow us to gain a better understanding of those so-called nonstandard phenomena. Our goal is understanding what is computing and whether cognition emerges naturally from that ecosystem

It seems to us these probes were designed in order to make a clear distinction between living systems and artificial systems when exploring planets. The former are open, self organising systems that have the special characteristics of life and interact with their environments by means of information and material/energy exchange, which is a definition that matches that of a human being. However, humans do sleep, and they dream. While in the sleep state, humans do not exchange neither information nor matter or energy with the environment, and this means they are also artificial life, closed systems that can be ultimately reduced to information processing units. Thus, the probes provide contradictory information as to what is a human being

when the contact with Giselians happen while in the wakefulness state, they describe it in a way which is different to the description they give of the same beings when in the sleep state. To complicate things, humans do have a third enigmatic state - hypnagogia - which is the one in which they gather the more precise information about these entities. Statistically speaking the highest number of encounters with other intelligences happen during the hypnagogia state, and these are rarely reported, for humans seem to trust only information gathered during their wakefulness state

there is only one property of an organism that cannot at the same time be manifested by inanimate systems: dreaming. The problem is that we cannot prove whether someone - or something - dreams, and therefore we cannot prove we are artificial or natural biological systems. We have no way of telling whether humans are living systems or machines. The problem is even worse when we recognize there should exist an advanced civilization which, apart from mastering space-time engineering, does know how to create synthetic dreams which are indistinguishable from real dreams

Human abilities cannot be captured by formal systems made by humans or, if you prefer, just using means and systems not made by themselves can a supercivilization know if their universe is a simulation run by a metacivilization or not. This is just Gödel's incompleteness theorem
