the model is fed with detailed data on the effects of human
population growth and predicted agricultural, environmental, food, energy, biological, and geochemichal data
from observed growth rate trends. In the raw scenario, doomsday window is predicted to 
fall within the 2020-2050 range. Old models define doomsday as the day in which humans, 
as a species, should run out of space or food, or
induce catastrophic anthropogenic climate change through thermodynamically unavoidable
direct heating of the planet

Using refined data, LyAv predicts the doomsday window to be somewhere within the 
2300s-2400s, with a definite year given by 3100. It is also assumed direct heating of the Earth 
will be a substantial contributor to climate change by ≈2260,
regardless of the energy source used, coincident with our transition to a Kardashev type-I
civilization

thermodynamic limits imply
that humanity cannot sustain its present growth rate in energy use and possible evolution into a
colonizing, spacefaring civilization without significant negative consequences to its supporting
terrestrial environment

Denebian probes operate beyond our cognitive and physical capacity. It is my opinion 
they are waiting for the doomsday as, somehow, they are programmed to not interfere with 
intelligent biological life-forms. The moment they detect there is no intelligent life on Earth 
they will take the planet over

We gave up applying geoengineering strategies because they cannot alleviate
the thermodynamic limitations imposed by a growing energy use on a finite planet

It looks like the only way out is to take some fraction of our civilization or technology 
elsewhere to colonize other worlds. This means we shouldn't focus on geoengineering but rather 
on genetic modification of the selected seeding population. Bioengineering a subset of human population 
in order to colonize the target exoplanet seems to be feasible. The question is how deep such a 
genetic modification should be in order for human species to survive off-Earth and yet be 
recognized as humans

Simulations show a window of opportunity that would occur between 2900–3400, with 3100 
being the cut-off value. In other words, by around 2900 we must be able to relocate the 
subset of bioengineered humans to the selected exoplanet. The candidate exoplanets lie within a 
colonizable volume of ≈500 –1000 pc in radius. Kepler-452b is our first choice

What if you reach a point of technological development which would allow you to 
move from a dying Sol-3 to Kepler-452b in order to avoid extinction? Wouldn't you move? 
And what if, on arriving to Kepler-452b, you happen to discover that planet is inhabited?
Now what? The 1967 UFO wave was all about that. They faced the same dilemma you will 
face in 3100
