Moving 7,5 billion people from one end of the Universe to the other requires difficult decisions to be taken. A carbon-based unit of type human can be effectively kept in a suspended animation for at least 10,000 years, provided the brain is tricked to think the human is living what he considers a normal life. This means you need to recreate a brain state that, to all extent, is indistinguishable from the non-suspended animation state. In other words, if we wish to keep them alive during the entire trip to the final destination we need to keep them ignorant of the fact they are in a suspended animation state

Storing consciousness in a human brain works as long as the human is kept alive. Given the extremely short life-time of carbon-based units, means are required to extend this short life-time. Though cryogenization and suspended animation techniques are valid approaches for the short-term, a long intergalactic trip requires a different approach. However, even if you could keep a human life-fom alive during several thousands of years, there is a problem: the brain will eventually learn after thousands of death-birth cycles. You can certainly simulate reality and a complete life and feed the brain with it without the brain being aware of what's happening, but you cannot do it indefinitely

This is not just a long-duration spaceflight. This is an inter-universe spaceflight; it takes 14,000 billion years to complete. Actually, when they designed the Universe they did it knowing that life forms would finally design robots themselves, and that they would discover the entire design and the purpose. Keeping them confined in galaxies, and keeping these galaxies separated by vast distances guarantee thet will at least never meet and cooperate. The only really artificial intelligence is the life forms' intelligence, but this knowledge is forbidden to them

The easiest way would be to hibernate humans by replacing blood with a cold saline solution, and then connect the brain to XViS to recreate a virtual life in it for the time it takes the spaceflight to complete. In all respects, the human will notice no difference at all. For him, he is living a normal life, interacting with the environment and the world, unaware of that reality being a simulation. Once we arrive at destination, you initiate the resucitation procedure replacing back blood, and using XViS to wipe out any memories of the simulated life from the brain. No need to postulate the existence of a superintelligence or the Universe as a spaceship itself

Yes, we currently can keep a person in a suspended animation state for five years; we know the procedure to follow, but we need to know a lot more about what happens to the brain once the procedure is terminated and the person enters into the resucitation stage. We know about coma state, the locked-in syndrome, and the dream state, but we lack sufficient data for what concenrs suspended animation. And we lack data because, as you understand, this is a life and death experiment, and you don't find volunteers, you know
