There is something about yourself you don't yet know, Norea. This is the world you woke up to the day you were born. The only way to discern 'good' from 'evil' is to make a decision and wait for the consequences of that decision, Norea. Yet, in order to tackle the uncertainty of your decisions, we developed for you simulational methods. In that simulated  universe you can test the consequences of your own decisions, and carefully assess whether they are beneficial or not.  This means you constantly travel to a simulated future to ascertain your past decisions were the correct ones. But  once you reach to a conclusion about your decisions, you are meant to go back to the past. That's the reason why  reality is a simulation and memories are also constructed and not retrieved: for us to guarantee you've learned to  discern 'evil' from 'good'. That's all we want from you

'Why so? Why do I exist?' - asked Norea -. 'Because the simulation needs to be fed with information, Norea' - replied Eleleth

One of the current debates in our own effort to define lucidity is whether the cognitive dimension - that is, the knowledge that one is, in fact, dreaming - or the experiential dimension - the heightened state of con-sciousness that can be, and often is, achieved in lucid dreaming - should be the primary criterion for calling a dream “lucid.” I think it’s conceivable that, in another culture, the significant factor in an experience involving both of these characteristics might be the particular content of the dream itself

Echopraxia is at the core of the dream-induced advanced simulation system in XViS. XViS system is just a mutual lucid  dreaming system - MLDS - which builds upon one of the rare types of mutual dreams. Theoretically,  both mutual and shared dreams can awaken a dreamer’s awareness of the subtle connections that exist among all people around the world. These dream experiences can provide self-confidence and self-esteem, as the dreamers’ conventional boundaries of themselves and their abilities are transcended

The Yulara Event had all the ingredients that made us to be convinced that the simulation becomes fuzzy and  uncertain at the “borders” of the simulation. Everything was fuzzy, dreamy, magical. The reality around us  simply faded away, and just for a second we had a glimpse of how Giselians look like and that we indeed live in a dream. Theirs dream
