Ideas about slavery and freedom are too closely bound to the old idea of man as technical object to be able to relate to the real problem of the relationship between man and machine. Now that he is a technical being no longer, man is forced to learn a new function and to find for himself a position in the technical ensemble that is something other than the position of individual.  Before the last stage in the transition to a post-biological civilization, we must ensure that man has resolved  the conflict with his memories of himself

The individual is a stable system of technicalities of elements organized into an ensemble. What is organized is these technicalities; the elements also are organized, but only in so far as they are bearers of these technicalities and not because of anything that has to do with their own materiality

In life an organ cannot be detached from a species; in technics an element is detachable from the ensemble that produced it for the very reason that it is fabricated; therein lies the difference between a product and something engendered

A historical solidarity exists in technical realities. The fabrication of elements is the intermediary that transmits it. If any technical reality is to have posterity, it is not enough that it be improved in itself; it must also be reincarnated and must participate in a cycle of becoming in accord with a formula of relaxation in levels of reality. The solidarity of technical beings in relation one to the other in the present generally tends to obscure a much more essential solidarity, one which requires a temporal evolutionary dimension but is not identical to biological evolution because it happens along continuous lines and scarcely ever involves successive changes in level

Galactic colonization is based on a simple concept: that of the trophic chain.  If we assume that the natural resources available are non-renewable,  the disappearance of the trophic structures exploiting the resources is unavoidable,  unless new resources can be found. The same is true for those resources which are slow to renew  in comparison to the rate of exploitation. And as far as we know, all organic life forms  face the bottleneck of food. This means the extraterrestrial life forms we might find  will always be a threat, provided they are organic life forms as we ourselves are

The Darwell hypothesis states that stable equilibria with nonzero population do not exist. In these cases the population experiences a rapid decline after reaching its peak value. It is noteworthy that collapse can occur even though the population has begun leveling off due to the civilization’s switching from high-impact to low-impact energy modalities. A post-biological scenario seems to be the only  way to avoid the collapse

Every time the simulation repeats itself the computational cost increases. Those in charge of simulating our Universe know this, and sure they will be forced to shorten the simulation length for each run
