We know a lot more about lucid dreaming than what we know about sleepwalking-like states. However, while lucid dreaming is a way for us to penetrate in others' reality, parasomnia is just its reverse: it is the way those others have to penetrate our own reality. It is as if contact between us and them require a crew of two, one lucid dreaming while the other enters into a sleepwalking altered state. This is something we never witnessed in our experiments on dream sharing at XViS

XViS research focuses on drug-induced somnambulism, more specifically, the induction of a particular kind of parasomnic state in which the subject is fully operational, but neither he nor any observer is aware of the subject being in that condition. The discovery of DENIED drugs to induce somnambulism was made while carrying out a laboratory study with DENIED beings to which specific sedatives were administered. Previously, XViS designed a derivative of zolpidem which proved extremely successful in making the patient enter into a new altered state of consciousness in which he interacted normally with the surrounding environment and people, though he was unable to recall whatever he did during such an altered state

The presence of both ‘hypersynchronous slow delta’ and ‘burst of delta waves’ have been reported in sleepwalkers, but their significance is controversial. Subtle sleep disorders associated with chronic sleepwalking constitute the unstable NREM sleep background on which sleepwalking events occur

Arousal parasomnias (night terrors, sleepwalking, and confusional arousals) have seldom been investigated in the adult general population. Clinical studies of parasomnias, however, show that these disorders may be indicators of underlying mental disorders and may have serious consequences

Prevalence of sleepwalking in first degree relatives of affected individuals is at least ten times greater than that in the general population, so we knew there was a genetic pathway that would allow us to choose the more fitting candidates among the population

Our energies might be better employed in detecting alien messages than in sending out our own. Even this task does not warrant an optimistic appraisal. What constitutes a suitable medium for communication is a decision aliens might not share with us. And we should not suppose that sophisticated extraterrestrials have a consuming desire to educate or uplift backward planets

Of the other sleep abnormalities and disturbances the most intriguing, from the standpoint of the nature of sleep and wakefulness, is that of somnambulism. The fundamental point is whether the sleepwalker is asleep or awake. The term sleepwalking is a misnomer if used to denote “walking while asleep”, rather than walking in the course of an interruption of night’s sleep. All the characteristics of somnambulism underline the difference between wakefulness and consciousness

For the most part, the use of these sleepwalkers is aimed at long-distance space travel. Missions to DP-2147 require the crew to not being able to recall the mission at all. Deleting memories from people is by far more difficult, dangerous, and unreliable than starting from scratch with a new type of human who simply cannot recall his actions
