In the future you'll need to learn how to biohack if you want to escape control. Current systems are typically disguised as fitness trackers and all sort of medical devices for health monitoring and diagnostics, but the main purpose is to goelocate individuals. Knowing where everyone is, with whom, and when, is really the name of the game

The first company is called Adveva and its activities include scientific, measuring, signaling and control apparatus and instruments; the second one is called Navify and its activities cover software for accessing, organizing, interpreting and analyzing information from databases in the medical field. They focus on computer databases, in particular computer databases containing information about clinical, molecular, scientific and patient specific data

Implantable sensors are the right technology to use, but their nature is obviously invasive and you don't expect the population to cooperate. An approach currently under test is that of ingestible sensors where the target individual totally ignores he is being administered the biosensors. Active ingestible devices are not meant to monitor any biomarkers at all. Instead, they are engineered to disrupt digestive enzymes in a precise way in order to cause specific nightmares and visuals during the dreaming state. They are activated sonochemically, that is, the capsule remains inactive until the subject is exposed to a specific sound pattern which causes chemical reactions inside the body which activate the capsule

Capsules use the 433 Mhz band because we've found at this frequency electromagnetic waves pass through the body tissues with a low propagation loss. The claddings of these devices are made of materials that are biocompatible and remain intact in the caustic environment of the gastrointestinal tract

We saw the first capsules in the early 50's during the autopsies performed on recovered bodies at crash sites DENIED and DENIED, but we didn't understand what we were seeing. There were all kind of implants and devices, and it took us some 40 years to minimally figure out their purpose and how they were engineered. We focused on the iris implants because somehow we felt those were key in understanding the visitors. From that research we learned a lot about how to integrate gas sensors, wavelength spectrometry, fluorescence and Raman spectroscopy, optical coherence tomography, and other devices inside ingestible capsules, and more importantly, we also learned certain specifics about the visitors' physiology

It was a group of highly skilled people that were researching on how to hack Abilify MyCite, a smart pill manufactured by Otsuka and Proteus Digital Health, the California company that created the sensor. The sensor generates an electrical signal when splashed by stomach fluid, and after several minutes, the signal is detected by a Band-Aid-like patch that must be worn on the left rib cage and replaced after seven days. The group of hackers were trying to cheat the pill and in the end they succeeded. They were to present their findings at Black Hat when their premises were raided. Whether the FBI is to be held responsible for that raid, or Proteus Digital Health itself, or SV17q we don't know. The entire group was killed during the raid, you see. It was a small but dedicated group of hacking enthusiasts playing with poisonous snakes

in the past ingestible sensors emitted low-power radio signal that was picked up by a little antenna that was somewhere near you; today they can communicate using the cell phone network; they allow to track a subject anywhere. Today's sensors are so small they can be put in your food without your knowledge

This particular ingestible sensor is fitted with an identifier characterized by being activated upon contact with a target genomic site. If the DNA data is the correct one the sensor broadcasts a signal that is then received by the receiver integrated in the keyboard, which thereafter allows access to the system. This way you guarantee only authorized personnel can access the system. There's another version of the ingestible sensors where the identifiers of the present compositions vary depending on the particular embodiment and intended application of the composition so long as they are activated upon contact with a target physiological location. The subject is previously administered with a specific cocktail of chemicals in order to create an individual physiological fingerprint. This means only the previously treated individuals will be allowed access to the system

A violent mob of some fifty people, shouting, throwing explosives devices to us. They were angry youths, you know. Violence soon escalated and they started attacking us with rocks and knives. All of a sudden a copter popped out from nowhere. Flew around over the mob, and then the people fell down on their knees with their hands on the stomach, vomiting, and shaking violently. We later knew the entire incident was a trial to experiment some sort of riot control technology. I was told those guys had been previously 'processed' and they all had some sort of pills in their stomachs. It seems the copter simply switched on a transmitter and the pills, whatever they were, did the job
