Meaning is achieved through our life story, and this life story is something we have to construct ourselves

On arriving to the target timeline the idea is to fully and completely recreate a single event belonging  to that timeline. Events depend on others events, and they are all causally connected, hence recreating  a single event would theoretically allow you to recover the entire timeline. However, there are serious  contraints. The capability to reconstruct an event is constrained by the duration of that event. The longer  it lasts, the harder to recreate it. That's why the visitors always attempt to reconstruct short-duration  specific events, though this is in no way an easy task

In the simplest form of event structure, a prime event structure, an event is associated with a unique causal history, its prime cause. However, it is quite common for an event to have disjunctive causes in that it can be enabled by any one of multiple sets of causes. Sometimes the sets of causes may be mutually exclusive, inconsistent one with another, and sometimes not, in which case they coexist consistently and constitute parallel causes of the event. The established model of general event structures can model parallel causes. On occasion however such a model abstracts too far away from the precise causal histories of events to be directly useful

Time travel engineering is solely based on the idea that a general event structure comprises three events A, B and D where D can occur once A or B have occurred and where all events can occur together. The events A and B constitute parallel causes of the event D. Thus, recreating event a would be enough for events B and C to be recovered

Time traveling forward in time requires to select futures that are transparent. That is,  timelines in which when the result is ready, they become the result. If a message is sent to a future, it waits until it turns into the result before  processing the message. Transparent futures are powerful because they allow travelers to minimize timeline blocking while also freeing the time traveler from managing the fine details of worldline synchronization

Queltron exercise in reconstruction of the STO-04600b37w-1991 event - Piper Aerostar crash in which Senator Heinz  was killed - was chosen due to the fact that the event was deemed easily triggered by sending DENIED message  to the specific point in that timeline, forcing the collision of a Bell 412 helicoper with the Piper Aerostar. The kickoff event was the blocking of the landing gear of Heinz's plane - event STO-04690b37w-1991 - and the  subsequent dispatch of the said helicopter to assess the situation, which resulted in the subsequent collision

At 1210:16, on April, 4th 1991, local Sol-3b37w Bell 412 pilot reported  that everything looked good from his position, something weird because  at that exact time the time traveling message made it through his  worldline and, for what we know about DENIED, he ought to have seen a  flash of bright light just in front of his position signalling the entry  into his timeline of the message sent by us in 2029

Most of the witnesses reported that before the collision, they saw a blueish flash of light as the aircraft were flying straight and level and that their flight paths were parallel. The reference  to the flash of light was conveniently removed from the final NTSB crash report by SV17q assets in both 1991 timelines
