The DENIED retrieval event was delayed for seven days due to technical difficulties. In the early morning hours of DENIED 2014 personnel began positioning themselves around the crash site, as per SOP DENIED. SV17q personnel departed for the forward area where some stood in the open, less than 7 kilometers East of ground zero. Crash site was codenamed KYR-377

The following description of anomalous activities is based on the reports obtained from surviving personnel who were positioned in the open over 7 kilometers from the crash site

At ET+4d+02h17m retrieval troops moved out of the trenches nine hours after the flash, boarded the trucks, and were driven to the emergency area

Out-of-Body experience is a short-range time-limited reconnaissance strategy which we want to assess once we have learned direct reconnaissance and robotic-based reconnaisssance are not valid technologies for retrieval purposes at crash sites

After the 4-day period, soil samples were collected around ground zero and analyzed for radioactivity yielding a negative result

At an unspecified time on day 5, six or seven personnel who spent about two hours retrieving some of the debris at the crash site started to feel sick. Their condition was rapidly deteriorating and it is reported they all died 20 minutes after their last call. DENIED activity was also reported prior to the incident

... in the belief that those corpses belonged to unknown SV17q personnel who were performing an unscheduled fly survey mission over KYR-377 six days after the event in order to assess and record anomalous neutrino radiation intensities

... putting foward the hypothesis that the intense, powerful and bright after-crash white-blue pulse of light is due to some self-destruction mechanism which clearly affects carbon-based life-forms, and that additional research is needed to understand such phenomena and their implications. From the set of five events investigated from DENIED it is our understanding that crashed objects are fitted with a self-destruction mechanism that prevents a third party to recover any debris from the crash sites

The increasing number of studies concerned with this mechanism is encouraging. SV17q and SV09n have repeatedly underscored the importance and need for more research in this area. More studies are being conducted to develop a better understanding of the physical process behind this mechanism
