DENIED overflew the Chinese naval base at DENIED, bringing back both imagery and telemetry revealing that the PLA was loading troopships. As per the data gathered, SV17q flew another three missions over the South China Sea, East of DENIED post. Given that Mirala-2 was better positioned to provide coverage for target ROI it was instructed to conduct two critical missions flown in August

Mirala birds are fitted with a miniature radar ASIC which synthesizes the aspect-independent, incident radar signal which excites the target in such a way that the return radar signal contains only a single natural mode of the target in the late-time period. When the synthesized incident signal for a preselected target is applied to a wrong target, the return signal will be significantly different from the expected natural mode, thus, the wrong target can be discriminated

Once data from all sensors was integrated and analyzed, we concluded the object is an Isinglass-type recce platform, capable of speeds in excess of Mach 15.0 at altitudes over 180,000 feet. The analysts could faithfully determine the object departed from DENIED PLA naval base, close to Wenzhou, on date DENIED

On 17 September, SV17q, after a briefing by DENIED on the above subject, directed the preparation of a DENIED for submission to the DIO stating the need for further investigation and directing the agencies concerned to cooperate in such investigations

The Director of the Central Intelligence expressed reluctancy to diseminate relevant information on TACANA-21, PSV and MilOrbs activities to the various departments which have authorized interest therein

... calls for a critical intelligence hole, and an unacceptable failure in the counterintelligence work, and one might well ask why this information is just coming to light before necessary measures were taken. SV17q complained that Navy personeel was never trained in detecting complex, sophisticated, non-natural behavior with the TACANA-21 birds in question

What about Congress? What about the marks and the report language and the questions? So I’m going to put some of that into context from my perspective. I believe the discussion with Congress has not been about if unmanned vessels will be part of the Navy. ‘If’ has not been the focus. I don’t even believe right now that ‘if’ is a major question. The focus has been on ‘how,’ with a healthy dose of ‘what,’ in terms of requirements and mission type. And of course, ‘how many’ is a question. How many, I will not focus on today. How many is dependent on Navy and force structure work. But for PEO USC, how many is ultimately important, but our focus now in this prototyping and experimentation and development phase is on the how, and working with our requirements sponsors and the fleet on the what

At Point Loma we analyzed the birds captured. We made X-rays of the birds in order to find where the sensors were located inside the bird. We extracted the sensors and have them analyzed by DENIED at San Clemente. Except for three Western gulls, and a double-crested cormorant, all of them were fitted with DENIED microsensors. Only one bird could be recovered alive, but its condition was so bad it died six hours after
