Survival of a supercivilization can only be answered with cosmic engineering

The Yulara event is so far the only credible and unambigious signs of ETs. Obviously no Kardashev 3 supercivilization is interested in consuming the Galaxy for the mere sake of consumption. And obviously curiosity as a motivation for cosmic engineering is not enough to explain what we observe. If you wish to probe space-time beyond the Standard Model you need a particle accelerator that is as big as the Solar System, and most likey the size of the Galaxy. But if you wish to probe space-time at the Planck's scale, then you need a collider the size of the whole Universe

It is not that ETs are interested in fundamental physics so that they resort to such cosmic engineering. It is that they need to, if they wish to transcend the collapsing Universe in which we all live. Creating a replica Universe requires an accelerator the size of the entire Universe you wish to replicate. Those supercivilizations living close to the Omega point have no option if they want to escape this Universe

Yulara event is YeV–XeV radiation for which only one source is known: an advanced class of accelerators. It comes from the right source, at the right time, and there is no natural phenomena explaining the radiation. Planck accelerators require a lot of fine-tuning, a lot of control parameters, and there is no chance at all that Nature could produce such a device without intelligent intervention

A type KII-BΩ civilization soon learns that using the Queltron Machine to move back in time does not avoid the big crunch; it too learns that jumping to a parallel Universe doesn't, either. Only creating a replica Universe ex novo can. But to build the Queltron Machine you need to be a KIII supercivilization

A Planck accelerator is probably close to collapsing into a black hole, based on the required electromagnetic energy density, and we now know black holes can be harnessed. The distribution of this class of black holes is not at all random but, rather, it follows a rational scheme. There is a purpose behind that distribution
