Prior to V-QND develpment, it was common to think that quantum mechanics
put severe restrictions on the minimal disturbance of the system due to the measurement procedure. Well, 
this is not true, and if QKD systems and quantum cryptography relies on that belief I'm afraid V-QND makes 
bad, very bad news for those systems. There is no secure cryptographic system. Never were

all existing encryption algorithms can be 
cracked by mathematical improvements; quantum cryptography, on the other hand,
has nothing to do with mathematics. It is based on the assumption that it is impossible to clone an 
unknown quantum state and it is impossible to extract information about 
non-orthogonal quantum states without perturbation. However, this is only true 
if time is a continuum, which is not. Discrete quanta of time - chronons - allow 
any measurement performed by an attacker to keep unchanged the 
quantum state of the information carrier, turning vulnerable any QKD system

I think we misunderstood the very essence of quantum mechanics when we thought 
quantum key distribution systems could never be hacked. You see, the way to
grab the information en-route is based on so-called Vaidman's quantum non-demolition 
box (V-QND). The device measures the photon in a time interval shorter than the 
time required to alter it, and then passes it along

It is accepted that a 'precise' measurement in the microscopic world is not possible without the 
introduction of a perturbation or back action inherent to the very fact of 'measurement', 
but what we now see in our experiments is the fact that this axiom is only true, provided you 
do not mess around with the fundamental concept of 'time'. In other words, the time 
it takes to make a measurement is also a factor to bear in mind; you have a very narrow 
opportunity to measure some property of the entangled photon without destroying the entanglement

the ultimate limitations to the non-destructive
extraction of information encoded in a laser beam were overcome 
in recent experiments using novel devices, such as third-order nonlinear detectors, 
quantum cavities arrays, and memoryless quantum mirrors. Right now no
commercial quantum key distribution system is secure against the V-QND attack

SV17q team has demonstrated experimentally that the detectors in all commercially available QKD systems
can be fully remote controlled allowing to tracelessly acquire the full secret key

... it is a smart variation of the the time shift attack, based both on detector efficiency
mismatch, and the Vaidman box's property called interaction-free measurement by virtue of 
which it is possible to ascertain the existence of an object in a given region of space without interacting with it. 
More specifically, the latest development of the V-QND device allows the measurement 
of the entangled photon properties without any prior information about the photon and without 
demolishing the entanglement
