
Those who control words control the people; those who control people control the world

Collapse is just something that happens to others. That os exactly what a collapsing society believes: 
that it is others who collapse. In a collapsing society you still have a chance to survive. In a collapsed 
society, however, you are fundamentally immune to giving a shit

No system based on corruption, militarism, injustice, and greediness lasts forever. What Americans call capitalism was literally just wild corruption

Don't be delusional. America is not falling. An idiotic version of America is what's falling. 
Next stop is hyperinflation, which will have a deadly effect on the entire country. Actions are planned 
in order for people to lose faith in the monetary system. In that scenario, money will be worthless, 
and mutual funds will dissolve. The decoupling of the petrodollar as the world’s reserve currency 
is next. Demolishing the current version of America must be done in a fully controlled way. 
It cannot be an accident and it cannot be left to random chance. Some natural disasters are going to 
happen at the right moment, at the right place. A massive earthquake, a dam that breaks down, 
a leak in a nuclear plant. All of it is planned if we want a new version of America to emerge of the mess 
Americans have self-inflicted

We could die killing. We could initiate a devastating war against China and Russia such that, in the end, the entire planet be fucked. 
However, we are in a special situation rith now, a situation of asymmetric information
where the big corporations know their true strength, but the targeted government must guess the
corporations’ resources based on the level of their attacks

There is a blurred line between propaganda and news; some sites are part of the official
broadcasting system of countries, and the news reflects as much public diplomacy as unbiased
accounts of what is happening in the world. Much so-called news comes from various opaque organizations,
or even individual media moguls with an idiosyncratic agenda. Great caution and care are needed
as regards in believing and using such sources. The problem comes when you realize even allegedly scientific 
news are really fake news. Once you devoid a society of science, one you effectively debase science and 
critical thinking, a dark millenium follows

It is not about money. It is not about promoting this or that ideology. It has nothing to do with imposing this or that axiology. It is just about water or, to be clear, about the scarcity of fresh water. That's why we do it. We need an organized world, a rational environment from which we could manage water resources in an orderly manner. We are reconfiguring the entire sociotechnical paradigm in order to be ready to face a world with billions of people, and just one well of water

... which gave rise to a planet of just a few
hundreds o
f thousands o
f p
eop
le living scattered in hypertechnological villages, taking care of millions of acres of rice fields. That was the alien planet we found
