The careful design of the Olkiluoto nuclear power plant attack proves that 
common components and functional interrelationships can also pose potential 
failure vulnerabilities that may challenge safety assurance

The idea is to cause a shutdown of the selected NPPs, while simultaneously 
attacking the power grid by forcing and overload which takes it out of balance. The grid
smartly reacts by isolating the affected segments and diverting the flow through other 
segments. In parallel, NPPs in China, Korea (Ulchin), and Japan are simultaneously 
attacked about 180 minutes before targeting US, Europe, Ukraine, and Russia's NPPs

It is a totally screwed world. Since SV17q broke the AES-256 encryption everyone 
is getting access to everyone's secrets; rogue nation-states breaking other nation's 
critical systems, rogue groups tampering essential services. The entire world is a 
mess right now. SV17q gave the codes to the Chinese and North Koreans, which used 
them to break into pharma companies to get data on the COVID vaccine; they gave the 
codes to the Russian, who used them to break into US sensible defense databases; 
and they gave the codes to the US, who use them to spy on their own citizens. See, 
the did it to keep the world busy spying on each other ass while they, SV17q, 
focus on what they believe it really matters: the threat to come

The unexplained disease that has affected dozens of dogs and killed 37 animals 
in Norway was obviously due to the DENIED attack, in which radiation from 
DENIED NPP affected a considerable area. It also affected people, which explains 
the recent increase in people reporting vomiting and bloody diarrhea

Kashiwazaki-Kariwa Nuclear Power Station (KK-6/KK-7) were targeted at 
06:12', while Olkiluoto NPP was targeted at 12:12'. Actually, DENIED virus 
integrates perfectly with the control software because the virus is based on a 
simple logic, cyclical execution, static resource usage, and avoidance of external 
interrupts

For the Czech Temelin NPP we used a variant of DENIED virus in order to 
overcome the Sizewell protection system

The PaloVerde GS is a special case needing two different viruses because some systems 
still use the old ABB software

Rajasthan NPP is what they call the 'global triggering event'. The nuclear incident 
is scheduled to happen on Tuesday, 17:34', DENIED. A test was run at  Assam’s Tezpur, 
in August, 2019, resulting in 213 persons taken to hospital; second run was 
carried out at Chaan village, in Sawai Madhopur district, a month later

We are to choose: the Big One earthquake is scheduled to happen at 06:08' of 
DENIED; the extreme solar flare is expected to occur at 18:12' of DENIED, and 
the critical information infraestructure breakdown must be perfectly synchronized 
to both events to maximize damage before contact. We need the visitors to find 
a desolated highly toxic and radioactive planet if we wish any chance to survive

The frequency of disease outbreaks has been rising steadily, as planned. 
The cost of DNA synthesis hardware is now peanuts, so anyone anywhere can 
replicate and alter the building blocks of life, so you can expect things going badly wrong 
in the near future... Just imagine small rogue groups synthesizing DNA and releasing it 
into the environment. Get ready for catastrophic biological attacks, this is what's 
next in queue

Why is now water considered a commodity you can just trade in Wall Street? Who 
on earth had the stupid idea to put fresh water a price? Those who know there is 
an iminent freshwater availability decline coming. This is what Giselians show 
in dreams: a desolated, deserted Earth with a few rice fields heavely protected by 
drones. We still don't fully understand those dreams, but again, we hardly 
understand Giselians at all
