both companies were researching on the development of transparent conductors and engineering subwavelength metallic nanowires, nano-spheres, and nano-circuits embedded in dielectric matrices. This enabled the development of epsilon-near-zero (ENZ) metamaterials, which were then used for applications such as enhanced transmission, cloaking, energy squeezing in narrow channels, and subwavelength imaging

there was a third company working on trapped electomagnetic waves devices, photon traps. These devices were actually sort of a film which acted as the medium through which light travels. The film consists of atoms with transition frequencies in proximity to the wave frequency. These traps are manufactured in the form of random and periodic lattices, and they have very low loss rate. The atomic medium is used as an excellent wavegiude to form and transmit electromagnetic waves for applications to accelerators and to electromagnetic devices in general. For what I know, the film were filled with a high pressure gas. Light is trapped inside these films and therefore they accumulate substantial energy for a long period of time, leading to the possibility of creating objects which are equivalent to orbs

A MilOrb is just a trapped electromagnetic wave whose frequency is close to the transition frequency between some atomic levels of the air atoms. Initially, they were developed within the framework of a project named
Long Lived Plasma Structures
, and its acronym was L
2
PS. Later on, the project was named
Long Lived Intelligent Plasma Structures
and it was referred to simply as LIPS. The first MilOrbs were just that: stable spherically symmetric plasma structures

Antigravity? For God's sake, no! It has nothing to do with antigravity. The entire plasma is in the superconducting stage. You see, superconductivity reduces possible friction mechanisms and facilitates the creation of a plasmoid. That's what makes the MilOrb nearly immune to the surrounding environment. During the Yulara event one of those orbs twisted and zig-zagged in mid air close to one of our observing positions and then it suddenly exploded and disappeared. It took us just several minutes to arrive to the exact point where it landed. We found nothing, but we took back to the lab samples of soil. After analysis, we found nanoparticles of silica-carbon mixtures. These SiC particles, when ejected into the air by a high frequency discharge, act as a filamentary network that self-organizes back into an orb

The MilOrb's size depends on the amount of energy transferred during its creation. However, once created, its size depends only on its ability to act as a cavity able to absorb at resonance radiant energy. The presence of attractive electrostatic forces acting between the net negative space charge localized at the external side of the double layer and the positively charged gound's surface makes it float in mid air. The interesting thing is that such an orb can penetrate through walls and into an aircraft. This is just an apparent penetration because what's really happening is just a re-generation of the orb at the other side of the dielectric wall

Well, there is a heating which is based on the orb capability to absorb radiant energy from eventually present RF sources, and this extends the lifetime of the orb. Therefore, the protocol establishes you should immediatly switch off all RF sources around if you wish the orb to vanish. In other words, the more you track the object with radar, the longer its lifetime. In the absence of an RF source, the PSV provides the MilOrb with the required RF. So no, it is not a PSV chasing a MilOrb what you see: it is a PSV feeding a MilOrb

The Hypersonic Aircraft of Low Observability - HALO - was first deployed in 1977. The entire surface of the aircraft was electrically conductive with minimum discontinuity. Later on we essentially turned the entire craft into something different. There were two approaches we followed; the first one led to the design of modern PSV's, while the second one led directly to the development of the Veena-type MilOrbs

PSV's were originally intended to win the radar game by implementing stealth technologies, but we soon learned about the new DENIED radars which makes stealth technologies useless for our purposes. It was a long path til the Sienna PSV was finally developed. Sienna includes everything we dreamed of... a metal-organic framework, a thin film of glass-silica covering the entire craft, chiro-optical properties, metamaterials with self-repair, surface healing and self-assembly properties, ultraporous coatings, shape-memory alloys, superhydrophobic surfaces, organic electroluminiscent devices, you name it

DENIED are diamond-shaped probes; it is made of DENIED with a coating of DENIED polymers with th ability for self-organization, that is, self-healing, self-lubricating, and self-cleaning. The entire design is biomimetic and the external coating is a Kagomé lattice coupled to a transparent conducting film that act as a photon trap. They are bright as sunshine. Their role is just sounding and probing the environment, but they can release the trapped light energy in a given direction and you won't like to be in its line-of-sight. Yes, they can get really nasty

Detectability? No, I feel you don't get it: the entire craft is transparent to radar. There is no single metallic piece in the entire craft. Neither a bolt, nor a nut. Nothing. Just conducting transparent polymers and ultrathin flat sheets. And a lot of electromagnetism. That's what it is
