Living beings change their environments and are changed by their environments in turn. The longer the time an intelligent species thrives, the deeper the changes it introduces into the environment. Civilizations can be measured by the scope of the changes they bring to their environment; you first modify the surroundings of your habitat, you then proceed changing the forests and valleys, then an entire planet, and finally, if you live that much, you'll change an entire galaxy. The relevant timescale for changes induced by the Giselian intelligence is of the order of billions of years, time enough to even modify the local Universe. Our aim is to detect those artificial processes and to disentangle them from cosmological ones

Obviously, a hypercivilization would calculate in detail the long-range future of the universe and it would introduce the necessary changes to correct that future in order for them to survive. We do it constantly, at a planetary level, hence it is logical to think a hypercivilization won't simply stop at a galactic level. They would engineer space and time, and they would certainly create universes ruled by laws that guarantee their survival. And if you exist in that Universe it is obviously because you are somehow required for that Universe to work

We study the interaction between an open system (S) and its environment (E); in this sense a civilization is an open system and we focus on processes that would allow us to determine the border-line between S and E. But Mind is also an open system and we are extremely interested in those processes that occur at the border-line between Mind and Matter, in particular consciousness

Engineering a universe requires a long-term behaviour sustained along incredibly long timescales. This is why survival is encoded deep in the genome of any life-form. You cannot leave survival to free will. Survival is hardwired into any life-form, you have no take in it, it is not something you can decide upon. The problem is how to engineer lesser life-forms to the job for you and to never realize that what they call their own survival is in fact Giselians' survival. See, they don't annihilate us not because they are good and ethically evolved, but because they need us

DeNA is just a reaction-diffusion excitable system encapsulated in an elastic growing membrane; it is designed to process information and to react to the environment in order to survive and to replicate its own informational structure. It is a basic living unit with a basic consciousness. When millions of this tiny biosystems are deployed they soon learn cooperation strategies and form a network that acts as one single life form, exponentially increasing its cognitive abilities. The network reaches a complex organization and creates new mechanisms that go beyond the basic metabolism; intelligence emerges then as a property of this complex organization. It soon appear subsystems devoted to specific regulatory functions and the entire system changes both morphologically and physiologically. How far these changes can go we don't know because we decided to destroy the network the moment it exceeds a certain threshold of consciousness. We minimize risks, you know

Let's now consider a complex system consisting of a set of mutually interacting open macroscopic systems plus their environments. Under this scenario the local interaction on one place determines interaction at spatially distant places, thus making the macroscopic piece of the Universe an interconnected physical system in which definition of each of its part depends on the definition of a local system and its environment. This means that consciousness is determined by even remote pieces of the actual Universe. This is a crucial conclusion

We spent a long time and large amounts of money to identify the computational nature of basic cognitive processes. The result of this long-term research concluded that humans are reliable Kolmogorov-Uspensky biomachines under restricted conditions. The way to stop consciousness, we learned, is via anesthetics. The sense of Self is based on consciousness, and anesthetics switch off both. Look, under anesthesia no life form will survive for very long because you have silenced in them self-awareness and cognitive agency. Minimally cognitive biofilms are the future for terraforming, but only if you know how to silence the biofilm at a given point. Otherwise they would expand, evolve, get more and more intelligent and turn against you. See, after a while all settlers forget they are settlers and they start considering themselves as the owners of the planet they were supposed to colonize for you. It happened in Sol-3

Consciousness might be the essential property of Nature at different structural levels, a property that is a clear signature of an engineered artificial Universe. Consciousness, as we now understand, is essential to modify the Universe the way a hypercivilization would like to, so in a sense, life seems to be just a means to an end
