We used to think of technology primarily as a human-generated and controlled phenomenon; now, from what we have learned by studying DP-2147 
we know technology is in fact a quasi-autonomous phenomenon that in
 effect operates according to its own dynamics

We've seen civilizations capable of harnessing the vast amount 
of energy from their star, yet miserably collapsing and disappearing. 
See, with respect to human well-being, a high rate 
of technological energy consumption is, by itself, 
not the central problem. Never was. Global warming is not a 
necessary consequence of a high rate of energy 
use, but of the lack of adequate recycling mechanisms. Ask Venusians

In year DENIED they realized that their need to recycle metabolic waste products generated 
by an increasingly energy-consumptive population 
further increased power demand. They learned how to draw that energy from their own Sun, 
but they failed to learn how to effectively recycle their wastes. But even if they had been 
able to implement an effective recycling mechanism, they soon would had realized 
that the level of energy use in rich societies does not represent any kind of
 natural or intrinsic or perhaps even desirable limit to the rate at which one might use energy

The future of the technosphere as a paradigm rather than just an episode
in Sol-3 history is contingent upon the emergence of effective recycling mechanisms. 
This includes recycling humans, too

The entrance to site M1348 was cut in the regolith floor during mission DENIED, 
immediately next to a sheer cliff to the South of DENIED crater, 2 Kms from landing site. 
The rover got into the chamber through a ramp, and proceeded through a doorway to 
the next corridor leading to chamber M1348-712. All we know about how they collapsed 
was contained in that chamber

It seems to be a rectangular metallic box, flat sides and rounded ends. 
There are four walls on exterior, at tops, and to depth 
of 7 cm. on interior. No glyphs or marks are visible. The metallic surface seems polished. 
The signal does clearly come from whatever is kept locked inside the box
