So you want the freedom to be or not to be, to do or not do, according to the needs of the situation at hand? You forget species are more important than the individual. You got involved in a horrible self-destruction cycle, and your species was about to disappear. That's totally unacceptable to us

By the year 3500 we expect the Greenland ice sheet to be totally melted with an extreme global warming temperature increase between +6 and +8 ยบC, therefore seafloor subsurface data centers will be the only ones really working, together with the orbital data center. By that time only Megalopolis-3, 4, 7, and 9 will still be active. All other cities and urban centers would have been ruined by around 3100. We still expect the Bangui anomaly to be clearly distinguishable, thus we propose to bury our beacon somewhere in the vecinity of the African continental shelf, having in mind that by that time the sea level will have risen 5 to 6 meters

The location of the beacon should take into account that an Earth's axial tilt reversion is expected by around year 17000. By that time no traces of human civilisation will remain, and most likely we'll have to cope with different lesser life forms. In our view, that would be the last visit required to check the health status of the beacon

It required a long time for mankind to reach that stage in which the mind was capable of formulating and grasping abstract notions; of disassociating attributes and qualities from the objects in which they are manifested; of comprehending a power or an emotion without some tangible, suggestive symbol. No more lights in the sky are needed, in fact, that's counterproductive

Seas will flood many cities; the environment will become toxic and a source of horrible diseases; radiation will terminate between 70 and 80% of all life forms. With the promise of medical treatment in the megapolis, people moved to cities, leaving behind rural areas totally deserted and devastated. See, in the infancy of man's mentality the manifestations of nature were unintelligible, and that mentality is still valid; but with that instinct which is still inherent in the human race, he struggled with his finite mind to grasp the infinite, and in his endeavor to comprehend the forces and wonders of the universe, he clothed them with the imagery of his untutored mind, and they became to him living entities like himself. No need to tell them we come from another star system

When we trace the development and growth of their civilization through the past centuries, we find that religious notions and customs, in common with the idea of God, have been constantly changing, and that what they call religion and freedom has embraced every conceivable variety of thought and conduct; that it has served as the authority for practices and institutions that at another time have been condemned by the same authority. Let's take advantage of this

We do believe mankind can do it all through year 7000, provided by then they have learned how to to manipulate and control atmospheric and geothermal forces. Obviously, if there are only 4 megapolis in place then we should consider establishing contact with them. The critical point is thus 3100-3500; they'd still have another 2000 years to reach that level of development past that point
