many of the demonstrations of metacognition in nonhumans can be explained in terms of associative learning or other mechanisms that do not require invoking introspection or access to private mental states

living beings and their environments constitute a single, unified system; this means you will need a thorough understanding of human beings and their environment before attempting any communication with them

To understand the mechanisms of metacognition in nonhumans we will have to do more than demonstrate adaptive cognitive control. We will have to develop experimental procedures that allow us to specify what information subjects use to assess their ability to learn or perform, and how they use that information

Yes, there is a correlation between the increasing number of zombie satellites coming back to life, and the increasing number of intelligent non-terrestrial activity in both our seas and skies; but this correlation is identical to that between the increasing number of zombie satellites coming back to life, and an incresase in solar activity. You see, when a satellite finishes its planned operational life it’s commanded to shut off its transmitter in order to prevent interference with other satellites using those frequencies; next, we instruct the satellite to drain its batteries in order to prevent potential gas build-up, which could result in explosion. Finally, we vent anything pressurized

The resurrection of a zombie satellite is admittedly a rare event. But it happens, and there are several of them which accidentally turn back on. Our theory is that there are cosmic ray events that turns the transmitter on, or gets the battery from short to open. In other words, there are natural phenomena that could explain the sudden coming back to life of a dead satellite. However, the chances that seven of them come back to life in roughly the same time period is certainly eyebrow rising

Studies of humans provide additional reasons for caution in ascribing complex mechanisms, particularly introspection, solely on the basis of the complexity of behavior. Humans can accomplish a great deal of learning and performing without conscious awareness or introspection, for example, conditioning, skill learning, and priming

Face-to-face communication is never advised. Humans do feel a deep repulsion for life-forms which are non-anthropomorphic, and they feel terror and fear. Using an object as a means of communication will not be successful either. The communication must be done on neutral ground, outside their solar system, but due to the technological limitations of humans this is not possible either. Two possibilities remain: to send a clearly artificial signal from a probe, or to use one of its satellites to send the signal. The first option is ruled out because it involves, again, using a non-terrestrial artificial object. We thus opted for the second option

The COVID-19 pandemic enables us to make good use of the idea of creative destruction. COVID-19 has ushered in social changes and social arrangements that require us to think in new ways. One thing that COVID-19 shows is that human sociality cannot be divorced from its organic basis. Let's now replace 'COVID-19' by 'alien contact', and you'll get an idea of the devastating consequences an unsolicited contact would have on our entire technosphere

The human ecology is formed, maintained, and changed for good and for ill by the many projects that are woven together in ways that constitute societies of selves. Contacting a nonhuman intelligence is thus a highly disruptive act for which we are not ready. We ignore how relisent our world would be to a contact even, hence we focus efforts on minimizing any potential disruptive consequence resulting from contact

Stationkeeping a 24-hr satellite using solar radiation pressure

Build on the outer space treaty

Announcing the IEEE Transactions on Plasma Science Special Issue on Spacecraft Charging Technology January 2012

Space weather conditions during the Galaxy 15 spacecraft anomaly

Piracy in an Ocean of Stars: Proposing a Term to Identify the Practice of Unauthorized Control of Nations' Space Objects
