Sleep is an irrational and intolerable affirmation that there might be limits to the compatibility of living beings with the allegedly irresistible forces of modernization. But dreams also allow us to temporarily let go of our ordinary selves. Dreaming selves have fuzzy ego-boundaries and they move and think according to a logic which is internal to the dream. While dreaming we remember the past, remember what could have been, but we also explore ourselves and elaborate on our relationships to others. Sleep is a protective arrangement, we might say, which prepares us for the coming day. More specifically, sleep protects us from the harsh logic of the capitalist system. Sleep leads us elsewhere than to the thing we own or are told we need, and it requires a periodic disengagement from networks and devices. It is only because we are allowed time away from the market system on a nightly basis that we can cope with it on a daily basis. It is in sleep that the resistance movement will begin. Only a proper night’s sleep will allow us to wake up to the injustices of global capitalism. And the revolution, when it comes, will not be uploaded to YouTube

reliable induction techniques must be established to increase the frequency of lucid dreams. This is the main challenge currently facing lucid dream research. Lucid REM sleep when compared to non-lucid REM sleep is associated with increased EEG 40 Hz power, especially in frontal and frontolateral regions

It is during REM sleep that various environmental stimuli are applied in order for the dreamer to incorporate them  into a dream and recognised as a cue by the dreamer that he or she is dreaming. Additonally, internal cues are also injected to keep the sense of dreamlikeness as it is key for the dreamer to be aware that he or she is dreaming

To deny may be just as dangerous and misleading as to accept

Nightmares and terror dreams are usually engineered and injected without the subject being aware. The idea is to prevent addiction to the use of the Kedeth device. Note that all Kedeth-induced dreams are vivid dreams of a very pleasant character, which make the dreamer feel an indescribable joy, so we need to take precautions in order to avoid abuse of the device.
But this is not the only problem we face. Acute depression and PTSD syntomatology very often affect dreamers due to the fact that prolongued use of the Kedeth produce on dreamers the impression of being invented or arranged by intelligent beings. After such vivid and fully realistic experiences the dreamer wonders whether everything is just a simulation, a dream, and we risk the dreamer into believing he is actually living in a permanent dream

It takes a lot of time to train the dreamer to not focus on the beautiful landscapes, on the different luminous phenomena, sunlight, waterfalls, clouds, and especially the deep blue sky with two moons. Our interest is in the complex of buildings, but so far no dreamer has been able to approach those buildings. We've tried with congenetically blind dreamers, autistic dreamers, and dreamers with different neurological disorders, but we never made it past Mark VI, which seems to be the no-go limit for us. The moment the dreamers approach Mark VI they simply wake up, as if somebody cut off the communication. This is frustrating

the reality we perceive is not the whole truth, Norea

the day will come when we refuse to go where capitalism leads us; one day we will have had enough and decide to pull the plug on globalization and the whole on-line world

Past experiences can be recalled using XViS and SynthDreams, and they seem to be complete including all the things of which an individual was aware at the time. The military interest in these programs is therefore obvious. The goal is to cause an involuntary recall of a memory by exposing the subject to the XViS system.  The problem is that there are different types of memories (semantic memories, episodic memories, and even reminiscences of dreams) and we are only interested in one specific type of memory. We now know that stimulation of specific sites can induce specific types of memories and, more interesting, we learned repeated patterns of stimulation can implant false memories

If everyone else is sleeping, only fools will try to stay awake. That is how your society works right now: everybody doing what they are told to. The day will come in which your dreams won't be yours. In such a world, staying awake will be an act of resistance

Gamma brainwaves were directed towards the subject, who reported ideoretinal lights - the illuminated patterns we see when we close our eyes - first apearing as pulsating lights that suddenly transformed into patterns of Cassini Diskus symbols. This was the first reliable test proving that visual information can be transmitted directly from brain to brain at a distance. Both subjects were separated 50 meters from each other

I was administered 25 mg of milDMT before activation of SynthDreams. I was then instructed to walk through the XViS tunnel. I remember feeling awe at having been transformed from a room full of people to a place far away from anything I’ve ever experienced. I found myself flying over a beautiful landscape being able to traverse this new world by using my own body. This embodiment and the agency to make decisions and interact with the world around me made the miracle of me fully believing I was, well... out of this world. The entire experience was uncanny. It was unlike anything I had done before, and instantly I knew I had become, all of a sudden, a different person
