causality will have to be the case even in QM entanglement for the additional reasons that any specific cause has to be prior to the effect and a communication (an element of impact transferred to the effect) cannot speed infinitely

time travel will not be possible even in case of superluminal velocities being true, since causal cones in the superluminal case would be extended beyond all light cones

In causation the element transferred from the cause to the effect is such that this element too is spatiotemporal in measurement. So yes, time travel into the past is possible if we understand this process as a causal effect from the proper past. The scenario is then that these guys can travel back to their proper past, which happens to be our present, and thus if we can locate the cause that allows them to do so and if we can make that cause to cease, they won't be able to travel back in time. See, this means that they are not helping us altruistically, but egotistically. They are protecting the cause that makes them able to travel back in time, and that cause is obviouslly in their past, that is, in our present

Until we have reason to believe that there is a final limit also to superluminal velocities, time travel (back or forth into time as we want to contrive a physical state of affairs) must be taken to be impossible, since superluminal velocities will also be causal and really possible, and it will be impossible for us to get behind the time calculated with respect to an unlimited number of superluminal velocities and to set a final limit to velocities. With this we can foreclose also the possibility of the so-called time travel from physical science

Even for them the situation is sad. It makes us wonder how little we understand about the nature and function of consciousness and of certain everyday and universal kinds of consciousness, such as dreams

I have my dreams and you have yours. I have my thoughts and you have yours. I have my past, and you have yours. Yet, I have my future, while you have no future at all without me if I am to be your past

Sacred texts and literature are further valuable sources of hypotheses about the nature and function of dreams. That's why they study them, that's why they collect texts and devote so much efforts in understanding those texts. They keep the interaction with us to an absolute minimum because they take extreme care not to 'contaminate' their own past

REM sleep was discovered by Aserinsky and Kleitman in 1953, the same year Watson and Crick discovered the double helix structure of DNA
