We respond to the things we love, mentally, spiritually and physically. 
Therefore, any terminal reality must be designed having this in mind

The mind is not immortal. The mind dies when 
the body dies. However, this is true for an external observer, and not 
for the one dieing. We thus need to engineer a biological 
shutdown scheme that generates a serene, structured, and well-integrated 
experience, where subjective time be perceived as endless. Only then 
can you engineer after-life scenarios

The brain is a delicate piece of bioengineering. It is meant to control 
controls your thoughts, though it does not create those thoughts. 
It controls your memory, though it does not create it. And it is 
the key system to control your movements, and the correct functioning
of many organs within your body. Yet, it also plays a key role during 
your death: it creates the imagery that you call 'after-life', and it generates 
the required neurotransmitters that will give you the impression of living 
endlessly in that imaginary universe... so that you die, without your being aware 
of being dead

XViS generates the total hallucinatory experience. The designoid enters 
into a fully dopamine-driven scenario dominated by synthdreams where the 
subjective perception of time is tweaked as to make the designoid believe 
it is living in a timeless, eternal reality. For humans, this requires beautiful 
synthdreams based on wonderful landscapes and the interaction with their 
beloved ones. In real time, the whole experience only lasts 37 seconds, after 
which the subject is termed 'deceased'. That's your after-life

The after-life is basically a beautiful dream, the last one, crafted and 
engineered in a way that the subject believes it is real, and timeless. Only 
then can we proceed to shut down the designoid without it experiencing any 
pain, distress, anxiety, or fear

Yes, you see, the after-life exists as long as your brain makes you believe 
everything you see and experience is real, and endless. The key here is 
DENIED coupled to dopamine, which allows processing information 
of special significance to the organism
