sure we need an objective measure that sheds a light on alien cognition, an objective measure that prevents us from anthropomorphizing aliens. To start with, we currently assume they think in words, something we take for granted, but it may be the case they don't. The problem here is not our inability to read emotion or intention into alien behavior: it is our tendency to overdo it

'Power Dreaming' is a spinoff of the XViS Program, run at the Naval Hospital Bremerton in Washington State. Unlike XViS, Power Dreaming main focus is on generating therapeutic dreams to heal PTSD in soldiers. It is a chems-free program. DENIED is a program based on just the opposite: how to generate realistic nightmares; it is based on Mefloquine, a neurotoxic derivative antimalarial medication that is known to cause serious and potentially lasting neuropsychiatric adverse reactions

Usually, s
oldiers are trained to operate in what is called “condition yellow” and “condition red”. Only PSV and MilOrb crew is trained in a more advanced condition called “condition blue”, due to the special requirements of their missions. S
oldiers in training are often operating in condition red, which is where performance levels for combat and survival are at their strongest and combat skills become muscle memories that can be carried out without conscious thought. Under condition blue, they operate under active dreaming. It is a special awake state in which everything happening looks like a dream for them. This guarantees the mission causes no durable damage to their mental condition after the engagement

We accept they have highly developed action patterns, but those patterns are difficult to understand by us. Part of the XViS program focuses on understanding how to interact with them in a prosocial way without mistakenly projecting our human qualities into them

Obviously, new selective pressures might have favored meaningful dreaming in us humans. Which selective pressures were those? What evolutive advantage do dreams mean for us? When did we start dreaming? And more importantly, why have our dreams changed so deeply in the last 50 years? The dream database shows an increasing number of shared dreams globally. Why so? That the average citizen of a Western country dreams of a very specific futuristic city can easily be explained on the basis of cultural influence, but when you discover that a Korowai woman, a Zande hunter, and a Yanomami girl all three dream of the same city and strange landscapes we take it very seriously

When the cognition maps of two species are radically different, the only way you have to establish communication is to create a so-called environment of evolutionary adaptedness (EEA). That's what they are creating for us, and that would explain our shared dreams. In my view, they are doing it through dreams. They need to prepare us for contact, otherwise we will be the cat in front of a smart TV
