I'd like those beings to be decent enough to at least crash their probes on a suitable place; we're fed up of those remote crashing sites in rogue countries and deserts though, you know, even the typology of those sites tells you something about the logic those beings follow when the crash is unavoidable. It takes us a lot of time to arrive to the place, and by the time we reach the site, they have already been there days before. The way they clear the area is also shocking: fulvic acid is the only thing you'll find. See, no evidence is also evidence

Evidence is anything that can be used to prove something, and you have no evidence at all for what concerns visiting aliens; however, the lack of evidence, namely, no-evidence, has sometimes more value than evidence

You know? Building a society only on science and technology, which is what you're doing, is the worst decision you've made. Both the future and mental sanity of your entire civilisation will be compromised beyond repair. It happened before, somewhere else, out there

The sad thing is that you don't have many possibilities to choose your own life style. It's not your fault after all if your civilisation collapses. You were doomed by design

What is an indisputable physical evidence of alien visitation? For a zebra, the indisputable physical evidence of a lion is the lion itself; What about a jelly fish? Is it a piece of plastic floating on the water any indisputable physical evidence of anything for a jelly fish or will it just pass unnoticed? And for humans, what could an indisputable physical evidence be, when by design they can only perceive a limited part of the environment which, by the way, has nothing to do with that a jelly fish perceives? The flag on the Moon surface, is that an indisputable physical evidence of human visitation to the Moon? For whom is that an indisputable physical evidence? Certainly not for a jelly fish

Will harm you in a lethal way; but you still might want to be there

The one unsatisfactory feature about these UFOs is the ambiguity relating to their mass. All other physical properties are well understood, but they are explained only if we postulate that these objects have a tiny or even zero mass. To all purposes, these objects are just photons

Does perceptual experience provide us with any evidence at all? It provides us with that evidence we can perceive, but that's just a small bit of the real evidence
