First, the subject should be well fixed in a stereotaxic frame, and preoperative analgesia should be administered. If inhalation anesthesia is used, anesthetics should start with low dose and increased very slowly until the subject is neither gasping nor shows pain reflexes. SOP 813 applies. The incision should be performed at the midline sagittal suture. For chronic window implantation the entire scalp and part of the neck muscles should be removed to allow the cement to better attach to the cranium. A clean and dry surface of the skull is very important for the adhesion of the cement. After navigating to the corresponding coordinates for injection a small craniotomy (acute injection) or a window-opening (chronic injection) is performed using a dental drill. Keep the tissue under the opening moisturized with saline solution. Load the virus mix into injection pipette devoid of air bubbles and slowly inject into the brain at a rate around 0.2 μl/min. Withdraw the micropipette slowly over several minutes to minimize upward flow of viral solution

Patient is held until he compromises his belief. Drugs are increased to levels far in excess of manufactures recommendations until either the patient is broken or he dies from an overdose

Research patients should never leave the control of the system alive. Like research animals who are dumped into a garbage can and doused with ether when their usefulness is ended, so, with the research patient: When the research is finished, so are you

everybody's life  is turned into products open to anybody to appropriate them in the market; this includes not just the physical body, but also  one's soul, thoughts, feelings, beliefs and dreams

 which will require Government authorization. They can control  whether one is meditating or not by simply monitoring one's EEG signals remotely

 it, it is therefore more sensitive to conflicts with other realities than would be a more flexible and less narrow minded group of people

It is through simulation that variability is accounted for, relations are scrutinized, functional dependencies are tested over a wide array of data  critical to the performance of new systems, or over a wide array of the people involved with them, until we forget what's the intent of the  simulation and thus we put ourself in a situation in which we cannot discern between what's being simulated and who runs the simulation

national security really means maintaining the conditions necessary for things to stay as they are. This includes  physical defense against overt enemies and psychical defense against covert enemies, though there is no straight forward defense against  entities who do not even have bodies

oppression is created through politics, economics, culture, and materialism, but is maintained most significantly through consciousness
