The technological divide arises at the threshold level of technological knowledge, which is largely affected by the quality of socio-technological infrastructure. But do not be tempted to believe in he mythical association between technological revolutions and a better social future. That's just a myth, no matter if we are talking about human or alien technology

Technological breakthroughs are technological advancements which revolutionize society and dramatically alter the direction of civilization. Let's take care to whom we give what

A large contingent of citizens in poorer countries still do not own a television set, and you want to talk about alien technology transfer? Look, illiteracy within strata of society translates to an inability to use of new technologies that are dependent on basic literacy. In other words: there will be no disclosure, and no technological transfer until the day your entire civilization be truly egalitarian, and fully literate

administrators continue to mistake UFOs for technology, but the solution to the problem of the existence of a breakaway civilization does not lie in devices such as alien technology, but increased technology literacy, and for this to happen secrecy must stop

Our ket strategy to control societies is based on the reification of technology, by creating the impression that the technological change is a rational, objective and inevitable process which is driving social change, hiding the social forces and social interests behind the change and the fact that there are winners and losers in the process

Governments should not expect alien technology access to bridge the divide. The gap is far more complex than it seems. For one, it is concerned with the implementation of a technology infrastructure. Second, it deals with the ability to access these technologies, including the capability to make successful use of new technologies in a social and cultural context. But your world is divided and confronted, your belief systems are based on hatred of the other and inequality, and your cultural context is one of nationalism, xenophobia, and hegemonic dominance of the weakest

Alien technologies are not technologies for social inclusion because they were created by beings not from our world; thus, those technologies were not created with a focus on our society and culture. That's why they are alien technologies, after all. Let's assume we start an alien technology transfer by providing access to exotic hardware and otherworldly software resources. There would still exist a divide because the real technological divide remains at the level of understanding. What would keep large sections of the population on the unfortunate side of the new technological divide is an inability to comprehend the significance and role of these tools in their life and community. Even if access were to be provided to all, there is crucial need to understand the complex nature of technology before making use of it effectively

Those who push for disclosure and the transfer of alien technology ignore the fundamental nature of the creation of technology by human society itself. They reify technology, which in their minds acquires a phantom objectivity as an agent of social change, an autonomy that seems so strictly rational and all-embracing as to conceal every trace of its fundamental nature: the relation between people. Worse, they believe in the myth of the technical fix, the implicit assumption that technology provides the only feasible solution to complex social problems. Those who want disclosure believe alien technologies have magical powers to provide solutions to the world’s greatest social and economic problems such as poverty, disease, illiteracy, race and gender discrimination, wars, and environmental pollution. And those who oppose disclosure do it because they want to use those myths about alien technology in order to promote particular policies and help create particular ideologies

The next stage? The next stage is recognition that we do have alien crafts, and that we have been able to reverse-engineer some of the miraculous technologies behind them. We will create technological myths because technological myths convey the additional advantage to us that we hide human agency and particular political interests in promoting a particular direction of social change. Alien technology will be consistently presented as the driver of the process: it will be perceived as a rational, quasi-natural autonomous force independent of society and implicitly impervious to human agency. Accordingly, the phenomena which technology will create will acquire the inevitability of natural events which human beings are powerless to affect. If some people are adversely affected, they must accept this as inevitable: resistance would be pointless and would achieve nothing. In any case, as the myth will create the mirage of progress towards a better society, such resistance can only be construed as standing in the way of desirable goals and inimical to the interests of the vast majority of humanity who stand to benefit from technology’s march to the Promised Land. That, my friend, is the next stage, even when we have never recovered an alien craft, and even when we have never met an alien at all. This is how we deal with reality
