Surveillance is one of the forces that enable social organization. The era of the information society is the age of over-penetrating bureaucracy, to such an extent that simply to participate in modern society is to be under electronic surveillance. Like it or not

The Dominion affaire has nothing to do with influencing the vote of citizens, nor with directly modifying the elections. We provided telecommunications features to facilitate online voting fostering a fully digitized system of democratic participation. However, this means that we are also able to direct this formidable surveillance arsenal against individual targets who are of national interest. Our goal is not to put or remove this or that president. We don't care who the President is. We care about who votes whom. That's all we care

illegal wiretapping is now common currency. All government agencies bend the law in order to wiretap domestic targets. You shouldn't fight against those who perform the wiretapping. You should fight against those who decide who is and who is not a domestic target

Big tech companies were repeatedly warned: we won't tolerate the managements of international communications companies to be in a position to shape our international communications policy through their ability to negotiate and make arrangements with the representatives of foreign governments. The message was clear. Only a jerk wouldn't take it seriously

Amazon CloudFront, Fastly, and Akamai Technologies are all three wiretapped. Fully, deeply. Actually, Akamai Technologies is simply... us. Have a look at what companies and organizations host their digital information on our servers, and you'll understand

Look at the world out there. What do you see? You see social classes, criminal actors, centralized governing bodies, wars, and mass movements. All of it interconnected by the networks of telecommunication through which power is negotiated on a daily basis. Networks that are not neutral. They embody technical visions of the political order under which we live now or may live under in the future. That's what you see

Project YRIS allows the silent reconfiguration of the national telecommunications network’s routing structure so that all information transmitted through the network passes through any one of our designated switching stations equipped with mediation and filtering devices. And no, we are not talking here about NSA’s STELLARWIND. This is something much bigger
