As observers, we interact with the world under the limitations imposed 
by our faculties to capture the totality of information about the world. 
Hence, the process of sampling the world is based on our senses, the 
consequence being that we can only observed a rather limited aspect of 
the world around us, and even then we expect acute observation selection 
effects

Humans think that the minimum requirement for the true observing 
capacity is the human-type intelligence (neural intelligence), which 
obviously peaks only in human science and human technology, something 
humans tend to forget

Fermi’s paradox is just specific to humans. They are unable to 
recognise other intelligent life forms in their own planet, and even 
less the existence of nonbiological intelligence

No, human observers are not the only observers within the pool of 
terrestrial life forms, but this is so a recent discovery that got us 
perplexed and totally shocked

all organisms, from bacteria to animals, acquire knowledge about their 
environments through the process of natural learning based on the 
universal algorithm. The driving force behind the algorithm is the 
concept of biological information. Any form of information becomes 
actualized only when there is a cognitive system capable of utilizing 
it. Information, when non-utilized by a cognitive system, exists only as 
potential information

organisms behave as cognitive agents, rather than passive objects 
shaped by the interactions between the genes and the environment. This 
also means that adaptations are the result of the epistemic process that 
incorporates cognitive methods including sensing/perception, memory, 
communication, and decision making, and forms of inheritance including 
genetic, epigenetic, transgenerational, ecological, psychological 
inheritances and the inheritance of genomes through predation

every organism, from single-cell microbes to complex multicellular 
animals, is an autopoietic unit – a system that sustains itself due to 
the network pattern of organization, which allows constant 
self-regeneration within the boundary that separates the autopoietic 
unit from its environment. However, autopoietic units are never truly 
separated from the environment. There is a structural coupling between 
the autopoietic unit and its environment, sustained by the formation of 
new patterns whereby the waste created by one living system becomes a 
useful metabolite for another. This new pattern integrates into the 
giant network pattern of the biosphere that houses all living systems

The evidence is emerging that viruses have protocognitive faculties 
such as communication; they are indeed proto-observing structures. Life, 
in the form of first fully functioning observers such as bacteria-like 
organisms, might have emerged early in the cosmic history at some 
first-generation Earth-like planet, thus viruses are at least 4.1 
billion years old

The obvious conclusion is that at the heart of the communication 
capacity is biological tropism which does not require consciousness of 
the human type, and yet it is based on the principles of cognition. 
Importantly, the invisible microbial cloud of bacteria and viruses 
houses all other non-microbial life forms, or macrobes, such as plants 
and animals, and this makes macrobes, including human beings, microbial 
or bacterial vectors. That's what human biocivilization is: a byproduct 
of the virosphere

You owe everything you are to viruses. Instead of fighting them, 
have you ever tried to communicate with them? No, you have not. 
Too soon you forgot you are just but and endosymbiont life form
