In essence, the existence of extraterrestrial intelligence life in the Universe, is not that mind blowing discovery some people want us to believe. We discover new species here on Earth each year: a venomous snake in Costa Rica, a bald parrot in the Amazon, etc. Actually, more than 1200 new species of plants and vertebrates have been discovered in the past ten years in the Amazon. Would it make any difference if these species were found, say, in Titan or Mars? No, it wouldn't make a difference at all. No real impact on our lives. Even if one such species is proven to be intelligent, what impact would that have? We already have rigurous protocols to handle such a discovery (determining if they are hostile or not; determinig whether they pose a bilogical threat to us or not; how to capture and extract all information from those life forms if they prove neither hostile, nor a threat; how to confine them and, last but not least, how to destroy them should the case arise. No, finding extraterrestrial life is not the issue. The issue is what happens to our consciousness after death. That's the big issue. Any of us would be strongly impressed by the evidence for the survival of death

'Self' is is heavily dependent on language.  It can change consciousness drastically, as in dreaming, and it can create something very analogous to an external world and body, which is all the 'self' needs to survive death

Initially, we obviously wanted to know the answer to some key logistics questions, like how did their propulsion system work, where did they come from, how many of them there were, how did they manage to communicate across vast distances, what their neurobiology was, and so on.  Then we established the SV17q Medron program focused on their psi abilities in order to get a better description of how those abilities were even possible. Only later we understood that the main focus should be on the survival research and the unconscious impersonation mechanism. Only this makes them more interesting than studying a new species of bald parrot found in the jungle

When we flooded the streets with ketamine, the idea was to study whether ketamine intoxication could also be an excellent analogue for studying the qualities of mind in humans, more specifically, we wished to study how the mind operates when no body is perceived in life. The drug has a major effect in some users of making the physical body effectively disappear from consciousness, and this is exactly our main focus of interest

Information transmission rates in forced-choice ESP experiments: Precognition does not work as well as present time ESP
