Consciousness is responsible for the discrimination of matter and spirit. The conscious mind needs definite time and space in order to grasp reality, thus one needs to inject symbols and images into the dreamer's mind in a sequential manner. Humans require the artificial separation into psychological and physical in order to cognitively grasp reality

Norea, you brain is meant to defend yourself from the experience. To know your origins you should examine your secret ancestors. The Universe is no more than an ever shifting shoreline forever changing with the tides of time

The ego needs boundaries to survive, and expanding your ego threatens the ego and its sense of self. If you broaden your perspective too far, you will begin to feel you’re losing touch with reality, Norea

This is what they are doing to you, Norea. Learn it: the most common way to shrink someone’s perspective is to put them into a state of fear. Make them feel their survival is threatened. Fear shrinks perspective. That's what they are doing to you: shrinking your perspective

you will now learn the mysteries and greater development of the soul, the highest that there is, the highest that man can know or be. For Great Knowledge includes all that can be found in the soul, and in the soul is all that there is or can be. Yet, Norea... do you have a soul? Or did they also steal it from you? Tell us, beautifully eyed girl, tell us how they raped you, and how they stole your soul

Breath again, Norea, for you've just time traveled. Now take your time to speak to us, and tell us if you struggle with a feeling of emptiness, and if that's indeed the case, try to feel for what you are empty of, what you are missing. Is it belonging? Is it meaning? Is it love? Is it connection? Is it purpose? Tell us, Norea

Take care of those false priests, Norea. They say yes to God and they say no to life. In fact, they think that unless you say no to life, how can you say yes to God? They create a division: they deny the world in order to accept God. But an acceptance that stands on a denial is no acceptance at all. It is false. It is a pretension
