The fastest manned aircraft to ever fly is the rocket powered North American X-15. This aircraft holds  the current world record for the fastest manned aircraft. Its maximum speed was Mach 6.70 (about 7,200 km/h)  which it attained on the 3rd of October 1967

Unlike experiments in bench science, the first perception one might have of a UFO is through the personal experience of an alleged or perceived sighting. Unlike many scientific phenomena, the UFO phenomenon is primarily first a recounted experience. The instrument detecting the experience is a human being, complete with his or her individual apparatus of perception and orientation. An individual’s perceptions occur within the stream of conscious and unconscious lived experiences, nestled in a framework of analysis constructed by the social matrix in which the human lives. If there is no category, UFO, for example, it is unlikely that an individual will report one

SR-71 was the fastest aircraft out there, the one flying the highest altitude, the one with the more advanced  imaging sensors, yet SR-71 crew never reported a sighting, no orbs, no strange lights, no disk-shaped objects,  no nothing. Nihil

On October, 4th 1967, DENIED was compromised having to perform an emergency landing near the small fishing village of  Shag Harbor, Canada. Four MilOrbs were sent to support the damaged vehicle. On October, 20th that year we were busy  handling the DENIED incident all over Manitoba. Analysis showed that DENIED was flying the transect crossing from  Nanaibo to DENIED when something went wrong above Falcon Lake, in Winnipeg, which forced DENIED to land in Shag Harbor

The Lovelock crash was just one of several accidents fully documented all along the development of the SR-71 program. It was due  to the fact that the astro-inertial navigation system (ANS) had stopped functioning as a valid reference source. Full stop. The Shag Harbor incident relates to the RORSAT FOBS and its recovery, and the Manitoba events never happened. But if you  want to dig further into the strange events of 1967 you should start reviewing data concerning the space weather storm of late May 1967  when a huge coronal mass ejection took place causing a solar radio burst that affected all communications between 0.01 and 9.7 GHz and whether that caused a malfunction in key satellites and radar stations of the SAC network, which eventually triggered  sorties of fighter aircrafts and the implementation of risky secret operations involving nuclear subs and spy aircrafts
