It is totally baffling we live on a planet mostly covered in water and 
yet we have no permanent underwater habitable structures; we are unable 
to live for extended periods and carry out all basic human functions in 
larger-scale underwater habitations, despite there are no technological 
hurdles to do so. Building such large underwater structures now will 
allow us to gain a valuable experience in building space stations and 
habitats tomorrow. See, you need to first live deep into the oceans and 
work out your way before ever attempting to build space stations and 
start a serious spacefaring activity

Weaponizing a saser - sound amplification by the stimulated emission of 
radiation - is all they were interested in. You'll get plenty of funds 
for the development of applications related to biosensing and 
surveillance, largely for security purposes; but when you talk about 
fundamental knowledge - whom they are, where do they come from, how 
advanced they really are, and so on, they simply show no interest at 
all. They perceive aliens as a resource, as a means to an end. All 
philosophical and metaphysical considerations are simply dismissed

a spin-off project was the development of the DENIED program, which 
produced a combat helmet incorporating THz spectroscopy sensitive to the 
dielectric response of small ligands binding to target biological 
molecules, which allows the quick detection of toxins and pathogens by 
the soldier from a distance of 500 meters

We took a decision and we won't change our minds. About 97 percent of 
the Earth’s water covers the surface of the earth in the form of 
oceans, so underwater wireless communications, and in fact actually 
living underwater, is our main goal. We use phonon waveguides to 
implement our key underwater acoustic wireless communications systems. 
No more scattering problems, no more high delay or attenuation, and no 
impacts on underwater mammals. We also solved the low bandwidth issues. 
So yes, the phonon waveguides and sasers you mention belong to us

We can reach Mars in just 11 days with a crewed 40 mT vehicle. 
Actually, we already made it to Mars in 34 days requiring just a few 
micrograms of antiprotons using the DENIED muon-catalyzed fusion 
propulsion device. But all the technology you could use for space 
propulsion we use it to power our underwater facilties. The ocean covers 
roughly 70% of the earth’s surface and about 80% of that is deep sea. 
In a disintegrating planet going underwater is a must. That's how we 
prepare for what's to come

Do you remember that one civilization that built pyramids, Stonehenge, 
the great medieval cathedrals of Europe, the Great Wall of China, and 
ran a space program called Apollo? It was the same civilization that 
found its way to a neighboring stellar system some 4.11 ly away from 
their home planet to just discover the journey changes you and that the 
journey not the arrival matters

Contact will be made in the depths of the ocean. That's the place where 
you will meet your spacefaring neighbors
