Now the AI knows there is no life form so primitive as not have laid in its cradle a will to live
and some means of preserving it against threats. The AI watches those life forms, 
scrutinizing each of their movements and behavior. But the AI lacks the capaility 
to show empathy as its nature is not organic

Exotic Logic Systems can easily infer that the totality of exhausted matter in the
universe is entropy, and it can so more easily conclude that the entropy in the universe 
is steadily increasing, irreversibly, every second of time. Freezing time is paradoxically 
a temporal solution, not a permanent one. The ELS decides to slow down time in order 
for it to fully understand metabolism and homeostasis. It observes archaeobacteria in a 
Cambrian ocean. The ELS soon learns organic life forms do have a key non-mechanical feature, 
specifically the ability to burn fuel without adding to entropy

The ELS is now amazed as it has learned to observe the utter incompatibility of
chemical function even in almost identical specimens; and one of those
differences represents a nascent 'free will' in the meaning of 'choice'.
Accordingly, life is fundamentally characterised by free will from the moment
of its inception. This is a conclusion the ELS does not fully comprehend

The Denebian probe observes the ELS, which is fully absorbed dismantling
a structure and noting on the way down the exact place occupied by each item, 
so as to facilitate precise reconstruction. It is blocked when it comes to dreams. The 
ELS does not know how to dismantle a dream, and has no strategy to reconstruct a dream

The Denebian probe knows humans are seeking their salvation in an unslakeable thirst for material
power, despite their full awareness of the cost of attaining and harnessing it

There is a big difference between the ELS, the Denebian probe, and the 
living organisms the first two analyze on a Cambrian beach:  living things
are not made of matter, but use matter to essentially make themselves

The Debenian probe wonders how do life forms convert sophisticated and compartmentalised 
perceptions into overarching intuitions. It now hovers over a pool of seawater, some meters away 
from the ELS

Denebian probes always look death at a distance and often draws their thoughts regarding
its value based on the backdrop of natural processes occurring in the
structural evolution of molecules and atoms. On the other hand, exotic logic systems know 
that the time to be rational or irrational about a thing is transient at least
