Crucial to these encounters is that they must be experienced to be communicated or understood; no shortcut exists between the informatic encounter and the patterns they yield. These are encounters of the nth kind, unknowable in advance even as they are thoroughly informational

How can a highly distributed and increasingly allopoietic open-source infosphere continue to sustain beings so addicted to encrypted, privatized, and entropic forms of life? I would suggest that abductees are early adopters of a transitional, transhuman identity precipitated by our intensified and amplified ecologies of information. Can the identity practices of the last century (citizen, soldier, human) survive the infoquake that abduction records? In short, no

If they are to do so, these identity practices must avoid the algorithmic bottleneck presented by a regime of verification as it is a computationally intense labor, for example, to sort out an experience of DMT or abduction into categories of true and false, categories that may be non sequiturs in a world of information constantly subject to change. Indeed, it is even difficult to differentiate between DMT experience and abduction events themselves. In place of verification, we need tools that can help us live through it even as it transforms us

The aliens? You want to know what was the encounter like? I'll tell you: it was an outburst of information, a firebright rainbow of information. That's what it was like

We used DMT to minimize the ontological shock of nonlinear time and alien contact. The mental health of the contactees was our main concern. The squad consisted of three contactees and a remote viewer. The aim of the remote viewer was to observe the encounter and report back to us in real time. The contactees were then 'processed' through XViS, and sent to the point of encounter with the aliens. Once XViS sensors data shows a disjunction between motor performance and sensory stimuli in the contactees we know for sure a contact has been made. We know it is not a hallucinatory phenomena because the remote viewer's sensors do not report the disjunction as he describes the encounter between the contactees and the aliens

these hallucinations announce the difficult truth of their own existence, signatures of a transhuman condition enmeshed with the dynamics of information, the reception of an uncanny, proliferating, and uncertain Other: close encounters of the
n
th kind

The public is simpy not aware of the infoquake they are currently experiencing. See, it took humans approximately three hundred thousand years to produce twenty exabytes of information. One may and should argue the premises of any such calculation, but the study is nonetheless instructive; something like an infoquake is taking place, a massive increase in symbolic activity that renders usual understandings of context and boundaries into non sequiturs. You know, you are all being sampled
