
God is of no significance from a military point of view; however, religion and faith is. In the same vein, aliens per se are of no defense significance for us, though their presence in our airspace is. No matter how advanced they are in comparison to us, once here they must adapt to our own environment, much as you need to adapt yourself to the variery of operational theaters here on Earth when you go to fight a war. You need  neoprene and wetsuits when you wish to explore the creatures living in the depths of the ocean, much as they need their spacecrafts if they wish to explore our world, no matter how aethereal you depict them


For what we know, regardless of the mechanism of trapping, its very existence implies that all matter in the universe may be connected through the fifth dimension by means of electromagnetic or other signals. Now, if all matter and energy in the universe is tied up together, it must be in a manner that usual locality and causality on the shell would prohibit. This may in turn explain those weird macroscopic action at a distance we observe when we face hostile visitors, and this opens the door for us to fight them

These proposals are an alternative to the usual claim that extra dimensions are curled up to an unobservable size, an assertion that is not devoid of problems. In the alternative approach, our universe becomes a thin shell in a larger hyper-universe. The trapping has to be gravitationally repulsive in nature

Future weapons will all be based on gravity. Tweaking gravity is what gives you a strategical advantage. The absolute key point here is that gravity can connect 3-Brane worlds via the Bulk and that the visitors, from wherever they happen to come, must traverse the bulk from their home planet to ours. Once here, they must adapt to our local conditions, but there is a critical moment: the entry point. At the entry (or exit) point what you observe is that the object becomes red shifted and blue shifted enormously. It is our only chance to detect where in our Universe they come in or out

Reanalyzing the encounter between a Giselian event and the DENIED Boeing 747 incident in  light of what we now know, we can postulate that a signal traveling along an extra-dimensional null geodesic may leave our three-brane, travel into the extra dimensions, and subsequently return to a different place on our three-brane in a shorter time than the time a signal confined to our three-brane would take. If these geodesics may connect distant points, which would otherwise be outside the four dimensional horizon, those point would also be affected by the entry event. In our analysis, when ATC informs the crew that transmissions are garbled and asks them to change transmitting frequencies what happened is that the Giselian object was performing the exit operation, that is, entering into the bulk

The post-incident report clearly states that transmissions returned to nominal after some 15 minutes of heavy interference. It is important to notice that this is a long time for the entry/exit operation to complete, and gives us a chance to neutralize the threat at the very moment the entry/exit operation starts

We expect a crisis similar to the Cuban missile crisis, this time located in a specific island in the South China Sea probably around 2020-2025, and it will lead to a horrible nuclear exchange some time between 2075 and 2100. Not that we wish it; it would be an accidental nuclear war triggered by specific events that may or may not be related to your higher beings, your astral entities of the parallel world, or whatever you call those enlightened space 'brothers'. In a highly risky and delicate military situation, any mistake, any unidentified light in the sky, will be the spark triggering the war
