Lake Avenue, especially near Lyell Avenue and a bit farther north near Jones Park, has been the heart of Rochester's prostitution district for years. As far as I know it's not NSA business to prosecute prostitution. There's nothing of interest for them here. Every other house is a drug house in this area, you know, but yes, who knows? Maybe they were after terrorists hiding among milfs, addicts, and pimps. Only God knows

There used to be a company, Karam Petroleum, Inc., 1935 Lyllel Avenue, yes. A strange company indeed

- Please, refer to us what you saw, whatever detail you remember. Tell us, what did you see that night? - I cannot recall, really. I mean, yeah, I saw a cop car with the take-down light on, that's all I saw. The cop car pulled behind the red car. Then I saw the cop approaching the car, exchanged some words with the driver, and then the passenger who was sitting directly behind the driver shot the police dead down. That's all I saw

Cascade is the name of the supercomputer at NSA Bumblehive, in Utah. Purple Cascade is a myth, believe me. There is no such a thing as an NSA supercomputer facility in Lyell Avenue. Most likey they refer to some computing facility in RTI, there in Henrietta, perhaps the Center for Integrated Research Computing or a similar facility

They say they use Purple Cascade to perform complex computations related to astrophysics and fluid mechanics. But there are no astrophysicists and no physicists here, only people doing strategic market research and experts in stock market analysis. Why do they need such a powerful computer is not my business. What I can tell you is that they do not run fluid mechanics simulations at all. Purple Cascade excels in performing correlations, that's what they do all day: correlations. I don't care what you make of it

When you cannot find a dynamical system behind a time series that would allow you to make predictions, and when non-linear regression and neural nets are useless, the only way ahead is to perform correlations. The idea is finding a time series that correlates somehow with the one under study, even if the processes generating those time series bear no relation to each other. Apparently, Purple Cascade found one of those time series that correlates perfectly with the time series representing the stock exchange. Do you understand the implications? Now, why did some foreign States mount a cyberattack against a dirty brothel in Lyell Avenue is obviously something you need to explain... 'cos that's a brothel, no? And the milfs around are real milfs, no? Join the dots. I won't do it for you

The idea that there is a supercomputing facility somewhere around or in Lyell Avenue is simply ridiculous. Nothing to add
