in tightly coupled complex systems, such as modern military weapon 
systems, accidents are normal events; that is, they are inevitable

We knew that the potential for catastrophic system failure increases as  the complexity of interactions and coupling strengths both increase,  What we didn't know is that exotic logic systems had the capability to  dress as accidental what was really intentional, that is, we painfully  learned that DP-2147 was disguising its actions as accidents

In one scenario of the post-contact simulations, the ELS learned that  targets can be tracked and located using the cell phone network; the  population then reacted by learning how to massively clone the SIM cards  and planted replicated phones all over the city, therefore confusing the  ELS target location strategy; the population also learned how to spray  comms towers with a home made mixture of metalic powder and DENIED, therefore  they had a cheap way to render a comms tower useless by using the  mixture as an effective Faraday cage. The ELS reacted by tracking the  main providers of DENIED chemicals and bombing the warehouses to prevent  people from manufacturing the home made mixture

Any LAWS would soon learn that, under some circumstances, cheating is a  winning strategy. It will soon learn how to cheat to both the enemy and  us. That is, it will quickly reach a real autonomy. They were designed  to operate autonomously, and that means learning how to disobey

Understanding the conditions under which an autonomous system might  fail, or, equivalently, the conditions under which an autonomous system  cannot be controlled by a human operator, is essential to assessing the  risks involved in deploying such systems

Offensive swarm robotics relies on self-organization, and this means  they rely on the the emergence of macro-level behavior from local  nonlinear interactions among individual agents, and between system  components and their environment. For instance, DENIED system has a  near-perfect image understanding capability because it was trained by  millions of Internet users through captchas. We showed users with images  asking them to click on, say, traffic lights, and this information was  used to train the DENIED image understanding algorithms. We've been  doing this for years. In fact, captchas were meant for that: to train our systems

An ELS knows that it is generally harder for humans to self-organize as  a swarm than insects or animals. A swarm of exotic logic systems is  composed of ELS that act as like insects, that is, each member is willing to relinquish control over anyone else’s actions other their  own. Perhaps this is a weak point we need to exploit

The subtleties of human logic was acquired by DENIED using  self-organization results taken from porn websites users. Using our  network of porn websites, we carefully analyzed the combination of  positive feedback, negative feedback, randomness, and multiple  interactions among the user and the contents we were offering. Those  patterns of conduct were then encoded into DENIED logic so that, in the  end, the system knows how to perfectly create 'your' fantasies and use  them against you

The post-contact scenario is one of mayhem and chaos, an scenario where  basic human needs and goods are scarce, the environment has become  hostile and life threatening, and one in which disease and famine  spreads all over the planet. Add to that skies full of robotic swarms of  ELS of unknown origin, and the total collapse of human belief systems. In  that scenario there is no intelligence we can oppose, no course of  action other than self-immolation. Ironically, we don't have the  capability to destroy our own planet. We do have means to wipe out any  trace of biological life, but not to physically destroy the planet.  Killing ourselves is what ELS expect us to do

We are not just data. We are the trainers training those exotic logic systems. We do it consci
ou
sly or not, we do it whenever we click on a captcha, every time we interact with an automated answering machine, each time we buy on line. We are training their systems without we being aware of it. All they know about us is what we taught them, and that's why is so difficult to fight them
