When in the entanglement state or superposition state, no definite perception relating to the state exists, whereas when the superposition state collapses into a definite state, a definite perception relating to the collapse state appears. Then the telepathy between the subjects may appear

Once we showed it was working, we set forth to build up a complete theory of how human brain communication is possible at all. We know telepathy is one kind of superluminal and non-electromagnetic phenomena, and we know there must exist a quantum model of telepathy

As the subjects can only perceive the photons after a time interval longer than their normal conscious time, the results prove the existence of quantum superluminal communication condition in human brains. Note that subjects in the first group were kept in a normal state while in the XViS sub, while subjects in the second group were kept in a chemically-induced meditation state. This is the normal scenario we would expect in normal operational conditions

In Nukulaelae-017 experiment we produced photons with varying frequencies using the disk. Those photons were then used as input to the eyes of the subject. We tested and recorded the conscious time of the subject through EEG, and we used that data to set up the receiver's brain. Lastly, we encoded some messages and asked the sender to send those messages. Four out of five receivers, separated some 40 Kms away from the sender, were able to decode the messages. We are interested in the one that failed; you see, it is as important to send and receive telepathic messages as to block them

We don't need to find the position in the brain where the holding time of a quantum superposition state can be much longer than the usual perception time, that is, to test the existence of QSC condition in human brains. Using Syntaxial and other XViS compounds we can turn any point in the brain as the point in which superposition state is longer than perception time. Sure, we do not yet fully understand how the brain generates the high-level telepathy information from the low-level one

Four men and 13 women participated in the initial experiments. Their ages ranged from 19 to 37 (median 21 years). I was told they were all unpaid volunteers from an undergraduate psychology course. Only later I knew that wasn't true. They were administered Syntaxial and led to the XViS test room where they were told to relax while trying to receive the impressions produced by a series of five-minute films being projected in the Nukulaelae Atoll-3 facility
