in main stream astrobiology the search for extraterrestrial life is restricted to extraterrestrial cells; in military astrobiology we restrict the search for extraterrestrial life to Giselians, with a focus on extraterrestrial civilizations that collapsed - either because of self-inflicted or high level extinction events - and of which only their technosignature remains. They call their program SETE, Search for Extra-Terrestrial Extinction

given our current technological capability, extra-terrestrial technological artifacts of an extinct civilization are much easier to find, in particular if they were highly advanced by the time they became extinct. Queltrons, star energy collecting megastructures, and a shielded megapolis do all leave technosignatures that we can currently detect. We are like scavenger birds, you see, looking to salvage whatever we can for own benefit

human colonization of neighbouring planets demands unimaginable technological resources for us, but not for them. We can imagine they will engage in an active program to terraform Jupiter's or Saturn's moons probably using extraterrestrial microbes that would modify the existing ecosystems to make them suitable for them to colonize those moons. Our strategy is therefore to create sort of mine fields: destroying any microbial life we may find in order to keep those moons they way we wish: uninhabitable. We don't want neighbours around. As soon as someone discovers microbial life anywhere in our solar system, we should send probes to seed the planet with deadly biocides

Infinita is a series of probes whose payload consists of bioengineered cyanophytes. The mission is to deliver that payload to the target in the hope they will thrive and reverse the environmental changes any terraforming species could introduce. De-terraforming is an art we need to master if we wish to create hostile environments for other species not to colonize those moons. Life is the nightmare of the Universe; once established on a planet, will spread occupying the maximally possible area of the planet in a process similar to a systemic infection

there was a photometric event indicative of extraterrestrial activity on that moon. This was not a pointed search, but rather the luck of observing that moon at the right time. See, our entire solar system is our own area of denial, we want no one around, and we do not believe in that rubbish called 'cosmic club' or 'stellar friendship'. We are not here to make friends; we are here to survive

and when he finished his presentation about the risks involved in destroying that moon - the consequences in solar system planetary orbits being disrupted and fatally modified, the loss of a shield protecting our own planet from impacts of asteroids, and so on - he showed a last slide reading 'No competing financial interests exist in destroying DENIED moon'

... or the childish Kepler search for habitable planets, which simply looks for planets similar to Sol-3, when we already know that hazy Archean planets consistent with geochemical constraints on CO2 concentration and geological constraints on surface pressure do have habitable surface temperatures, so that they are missing at least 40% of potentially inhabited planets, some of them just round the corner
