a world W’ is the simulation of the world W, if it provides the same observations as the world W using 
fewer computations than the intelligent observer expects based on his internal model of W

If Giselians start a simulation of their past but committ to terminate the simulation if it becomes nested
(the simulation starts a simulation), they basically have given themselves the death penalty, as they mostl likely are 
already in such a simulation

The objection that humanity is in a simulation cannot be falsified if one assumes that the simulation is perfect. 
On the other hand, if the simulation is not perfect, it is not a simulation. Is the CP violation by the decaying short neutral kaon 
a glitch itself? Or is it a glitch the fact that there was a group of humans obtaining a direct measurement of the asymmetry between 
a particle-physics process and its time-reverse, thereby establishing very direct evidence that the time-reversal operation “T” 
is not a good symmetry of nature? In a perfect simulation you already account for the possibility of the simulated beings running 
experiments to find out whether they are being simulated, and you put termination routines in place

if there are many more simulated realities than non-simulated ones, and if both are indistinguishable from each other, 
then we are probably in a simulated reality. However, what about dreamers and the dreamed ones? Are the dreamed ones aware of 
being dreamed by the dreamers? Denebians surely know that the measure of existence of a mind is equal to the energy of computations 
used for its simulation, much as we know the measure of existence of a dream is equal to the time the dream lasts. As dreamers, 
we choose when to terminate a dream (putting an end to Dreamland no matter how terrible that is for the dreamed ones) much as the 
creators of Sol-3 simulation can choose to terminate their simulation at any time without warning

in that particular simulation DENIED discovers that cell phones being manufactured by DENIED 
carry a firmware that, under specific conditions, causes the cell phone to explode. The software 
executes a module that overheats critical components which are in touch with the DENIED explosive. 
The company is fully funded by SoftBank and the target market was China

according to the simulation, Ampere Computing produced millions of explosive 64-bit ARM server processors 
that by 2025 were present in all hyperscale cloud providers all over the world. The simulation then 
modeled what would happen when the triggering signal is embedded inside a BeiDou satellite GPS signal, that is, 
what would happen if all active cell phones in the world explode at the same time, leaving millions of fatal casualties 
and severely injured users, plus all of the cloud providers being suddenly disrupted
