contact is always on the aliens' terms, and in secret

Don't get me wrong, war is always undesirable. But when the alternative is 
anticipated to be even less desirable, war is always the best option. This holds both 
for us and them

The CAFB Exchange took place in 1976 in Clovis Air Force Base. I guess the final report 
describing the set of events that took place is the most secret report in the US history. The 
analysis on the Giselian beacon 517220 included in that report led researchers to a bizarre 
conclusion, something having to do with Giselians running their algorithms and concluding 
we will be a threat for them by year 3100, which would explain why they are getting ready for a 
preemptive war. It is as if our entire civilization has been put on a deadline

If we wait for suspicion to be verified by hostile behavior it will be too late 
for us to strike back. We desperately need to answer pricking questions like whether 
the Yulara event, the DENIED incident, and the shooting down 
of our DENIED satellites are to be considered a hostile behavior or not. We agree 
observing and orbiting an inhabited planet pose problems we are not used to; but we also 
understand a penetration and landing strategy should be considered a hostile act by any 
measure. All in all, nonterrestrial objects must be considered a threat we need to counter

In theory, a preventive war should only be feasible if intelligence about them is 
deep and detailed, and the only thing we know for sure is they know everything about 
us while we ignore everything about them. That's the current situation

What the hell were you expecting? You buy things in eBay and Amazon because algorithms 
tell you so; what you like and dislike is also dictated by algorithms, and algorithms are the 
ones selecting the shortest route for you from the office back home. We are addicted to 
algorithms, dude, so it is no wonder Giselians also use algorithms to decide what civilization 
to annihilate or not to annihilate

If those signals are intelligent and nonterrestrial, and if those signals were the ones 
we detected jammimg our orbiters and landers within the Mars exploration program, 
then there is no other conclusion than to conclude the extreterrestrial lifeforms behind 
those signals are our enemies. 
It is therefore a matter of common sense and selfdefense to act against such 
emerging threats before they are fully formed. History will judge harshly those who saw
this coming danger but failed to act. In the new world we have entered, the only path 
to peace and security is the path of action
