T violation can induce large scale effects via interference. T violation may give an explanation of why the universe appears to continue to move in one direction

Nature is not deterministic, not because the initial state was a low entropy one. Consider the Paintsville UFO incident.
The model explains how two Sol-3 crafts chasing a Giselian probe, in STO-2710, jump to Sol-3 STO-2002. Once the Giselian object jumps to STO-2002, it maneouvers to hide and avoid detection, landing on the train tracks. Local time is 20020114. Some seven minutes later, the two chasing Sol-3 crafts appear in the area, slow down, and start combing the nearby river searching for the Giselian craft. The second Sol-3 craft detects the presence of the Giselian object, hovering over the train tracks, and attempts a proximity operation, causing the Giselian object to speed up at low altitude along the tracks moving towards an incoming coal train from the opposite direction. The first Sol-3 craft quickly positions itself over the train to neutralize it and avoid a frontal collision with the Giselian object, which finally impacts against the coal train. Both Sol-3 crafts jump back to STO-2710

Some subatomic processes have a preferred direction of time, which means some processes have a higher probability to manifest in some directions of time, and a lower probability in other directions

the movement of masses in a world with discrete time and continuous space cannot correspond to a discrete geometry in the sense that only a discrete geometry could reflect the ordinal properties of the set of places in that world that are occupied by some object. You need something more than just antigravity to avoid a collision, and that's exactly what the B anti-B meson experiment is telling us

a macroscopic time evolution is possible only if there is some energy flux between system and environment. This is a must. Now, the states described by the symmetric equation are basically equilibrium states, without nett dissipation or absorption of energy by the system as a whole. Sure we can also conceive the symmetric equation as describing a closed system - Sol-3 in STO-2012, Paintsville - which does not exchange energy with the external world. But the fact that the Giselian object collided against the train must have been as astonishing for the Giselians as it was for the Sol-3 STO-2012 beings
