Heaven is the place where stupidity is marginal; hell is the place where intelligence is marginal. In between lies The Void

It is way much easier to reverse engineer an advanced device from our own future than to reverse engineer a device from the past of an alien civilization. It has to do with logics. In the first case, no matter how advanced the device is it is still human, thus it serves a function that we can always guess, and its design follows from a long tradition of human scientific thinking. In the second case, we ignore everything about alien logic, therefore the object will remain alien to us and its purpose obscure

To study events within The Void we would need a totally different kind of instrumentation. The demand for ever-increasing computational power is confronted with fundamental thermal limits because only a certain amount of transistors on a processor can be powered at any given time. Any transistor will of necessity radiate away energy in the form of heat, and this radiation will modify the fundamental nature of The Void in that The Void will become less void. On the other hand, observing The Void requires an observer, and this means introducing into The Void an additional element which is no part of The Void itself

In the future we will develop wave-based computing systems. Silicon-based computers are already old tech. They are clearly a wonder here on Earth, but they are totally useless if we want to study The Void. Robotic devices, rangers and probes are suitable for planetary research, but they are totally pointless to explore The Void. That the Denebian probes are essentially balls of light is probably the evidence that an advanced civilization is the one that first masters planetary exploration, and then engages in the exploration and research of The Void. This requires a dramatic change in engineering and design paradigm, one that turns your machines and devices into balls of light, yet able to perform the computations and functions you wish them to perform

Any disordered medium can be used to perform analogue computation on impinging waves as they propagate through the medium. By learning how to do computations and how to efficiently reconfigure these wave-based units we can engineer efficient probes to explore The Void. What we will learn in our exploration will bring us up to next level of development
