While working on the preparation of the The Antineutrino Global Map 2015, a map of the Earth’s natural and manmade antineutrino flux, we met data that was abnormal and could not be fully explained as natural or manmade. Data clearly indicated it couldn't be natural, or at least we were not able to trace it down to a natural source. The only logic explanation was the flux was coming from a manmade source. However, the signals didn't correlate to any known nuclear power plants or any other fission process that we were aware of, so we ruled out a manmade source for these signals

 always were

All rhenium-rich sulphide copper ore deposits seems to be a hotspot for whatever reason. In our view, those things are geochemical sounding probes showing a strong preference for molybdenum deposits rich in rhenium. Those hotpots are the only place where you can record and have a good view at those things; they hover for hours in close proximity and pay no attention to our presence, they certainly weren't hiding themselves, so we can do our intel gathering job without issues

the thing we recovered at Cupane, near Tacna, in the northern part of Chile, was identical to the one recovered in Luoboling (China). Look, these things are so tiny that a person having the coordinates of the site where the object fell would be likely to look in almost any other place than where it actually is

These objects are used to store three dimensional complex light fields, and they can store elaborate temporal shapes, thus storing 3d information. In our view, they are sort of highly advanced drones used in recce missions on specific targets. At one point, they met in the sky and merged with other such probes forming a bigger orb that then flew away and disappeared. Most probably they headed towards the... you know, the UFO

We chose Nordlands Amt as our launch site because it is close to Hessdalen where there are geochemical phenomena occuring that would allow us to perform our tests without calling unwanted attention

We processed some 19,000 reported sightings; we removed those which lacked instrumental correlation, those which were reported just by human witnesses, those that correlated to natural phenomena and reentry events, those which we know are ours, either civilian, Mil-Orbs or PSVs, those which correlate to our Mil-DSP activities, the entire set of Akrij and Swordfish tests, and those from the Navy that were correlated to our neutrino communications system; all in all only six final unknowns remain: Mount Isa, Zhezkazgan, Luoboling, Collahuasi, Walvis Bay, and the Questa events. Of these the recent Mt. Isa event is of prime importance because it is the first time we can correlate orb activities with the Yulara's fallen angel. That the Gisel site object, the object from Cupane, and the one from Luoboling are identical proves their source and origin is the same
