We have by now confirmed at least three Earth-like telluric worlds which are candidates for Heritage  Program targets. The terrestrial planet around the red dwarf Proxima Centauri is of utmost interest as the planet’s equilibrium temperature is within the range where water could be liquid on its surface. Situated at a distance of 1.295 parsecs, Proxima Centauri b is thus a perfect target for a short interstellar travel. We believe that travelling at 1% of the speed of light it would require a 423 year-long journey to reach Proxima Centauri b, while reaching Ross b would require some 800 to 900 years at that same speed

The most optimistic scenarios show that we won't have available to us the technology to travel faster than even 1% of the speed of light by year 3100, a time in which Sol-3 will definitely become uninhabitable. This in turn means you are left with a narrow window of opportunity to launch a Heritage spacecraft somewhere between 2275 and 2500

Building genetic banks of frozen early-stage human embryos is the approach taken to slowly populate an Earth-like exoplanet. We consider
robotic equipment would help the embryos to mature and develop once the destination is reached. The SEE Project is all about that, with a focus on designing artificial wombs. This way the size of the ship and its speed can be reduced to feasible projects. However, so far all our efforts to build advanced extrauterine systems to physiologically support extreme premature animals have failed

In order to prevent overpopulation the crew should be young, with a 50/50 ratio of women and men in order to maximize genetic diversity. They should be allowed to procreate only late during the women’s reproduction life in order to postpone the appearance of the first generation for as long as possible. We plan for a genetically viable population to endure a 5-generation space voyage under strict population genetic control. This is a critical mission design requirement that will only vary according to whether the destination is Alpha Centauri b, Ross b, or Epsilon Eridani. The ship’s operation is entirely automatic with very simple human intervention

Yes, consanguinity due to inbreeding is a serious problem in closed systems where long-term population planning is an important key to success. Obviously, we expect the crew to not have taboos against incest. Since procreation can only happen when a settler is at least 35 years old, and lasts for 5 years, it becomes impossible for a daughter to mate with her father, as the father will be well beyond the allowed procreation window. However, inbreeding due to cousin/cousin or brother/sister breeding is still possible, together with other combinations

Of course, the mission necessitates a control of birth rates in order not to saturate the space ship, and that's why postponing parenthood until late in the women’s reproductive life is one viable option to delay overcrowding. But we are not stupid and we know sexual arousal can ruin the mission, hence we have included smart ways to remove the excedent population. That's the role of the norovirus termination system. See, the most harmful situation can only occur within the crew, where a major disease could break out. Some of the crew members are expendable as this is the only way to keep the spaceship population within limits during the long trip to destination. I know it sounds cruel, but if we don't do that every male and female will eventually die

On the other hand, we need to take care of implementing intelligent social engineering principles for otherwise strict social engineering principles would drive the population of the vessel towards extinction. Finally, with this criteria in mind, the number of people needed to create a viable population for multi-generational space travel has been calculated to be about 80. This all means you should forget about designing a spaceship capable of traveling at the speed of light, forget about Alcubierre's warp, forget about light sails, forget about any science-fiction-like propulsion system. We have what we have: nuclear powered spacecrafts, and maybe ion thrusters. That's all we have and will have for a long long time. And we are who we are: humans in rags wandering through space leaving this planet that we ourselves turned into hell, reaching towards the nearest rocky planet around to thrive and survive. If you expect other galactic intelligences or even God to come rescue you, forget it: we are all expendable

By the way, have you ever considered the possibility that, in fact, this is not th first time we embark on this journey? Have you thought of the possibility... that we already ass-fucked our real home planet... and that we came to Sol-3 millions of years ago from, precisely, Alpha Centauri b? Wouldn't be funny to arrive to Alpha Centauri b to just find a ruined familiar planet? Think about it. You've no time left before the final collapse
