If you cannot employ them as weapon systems, at least use them to train our pilots in how to cope with the new threat

The main purpose of these vehicles is reconnaissance and airspace penetration testing. However, we felt the need to also use them to train our Air Force in coping with critical mission issues under a new scenario. Non-terrestrial vehicles introduce new requirements. We don't want our pilots to get mesmerized by those things and get distracted from fighting the situation the way they were trained. See, taking a UFO for an incoming missile is okay with us; taking an incoming missile for a UFO is not. In the first case, you guarantee airspace defense, while in the second case it would be too late to react and neutralize a real threat

PSVs are multi-million dollar sophisticated combat aircrafts. They are more expensive than any other aircraft we currently have. MilOrbs, on the other hand, are less expensive, can be deployed anywhere, can faifhtfully mimick the behavior of non-terrestrial threats, and can be effectively used in training our pilots in responding to complex situations. The problem here is this: our aircrafts are manned by people who are also normal citizens. Some of them do believe in UFOs, some of them do not. They react differently when fighting the same situation and this is something we need to correct. Telling them the UFOs they encounter are MilOrbs used to test their combat abilities will destroy the spirit of the advanced training program. On the other hand, not telling them the truth bolsters their belief in the existence of UFOs. See, this is a problem we need to learn how to manage in the future

Obviously, we want our enemies to believe in UFOs up to the point it becomes too late for them to react to an airstrike by our own air force; and we also need our pilots to not believe in UFOs should the enemy use this same strategy against us. This is easy to achieve with tactical UAVs,
which are those that operate in short ranges and in visual meteorological conditions, but it is difficult to achieve in a high-altitude scenario operating above the manned aircraft airspace structure and above virtually all weather obstacles. But it is frustrating our pilots do get confused when we simply incorporate some modifications into the UAVs design and make them do U-turns, stop in mid air, hover or simply disappear from sight the moment we turn off the EM field. This speaks volumes about how really undertrained our men are. And this is something we need to change

Staffing of these weapon systems is our main problem. What is the profile of a MilOrb operator? What could possibly be the career path for such an operator? They are operating in secrecy because secrecy is the key ingredient for the success of the training program. Neither the pilots, nor their commanders and officers are aware of the existence of MilOrbs. This is a requirement in order to be able to test the entire manned airspace structure

I'll be honest to you. Many USAF personnel, especially pilots, have a negative impression of flying UAVs and in manning UAV operations. This
contributes to a lack of understanding of what these missions really entail and ignorance concerning their operational impact. The situation
with MilOrbs is even worse: nobody wants a job which requires none of your peers to know you are getting them under test. A different thing would be to fly a real UFO, you see, but this is entirely not the case

Have 200 Kw of directed energy pointed at a drone and the drone is dead. Have 200 Kw of directed energy pointed at a MilOrb, and the MilOrb increases its bright and keeps going with its business. That's the difference. By 2030, 60% of all our combat air forces will be fifth-generation aircraft and therefore we will require a modern aircraft to train future fighter and bomber pilots. And 5% of all our combat air forces will be weaponized PSVs. MilOrbs will be an essential force multiplier and a key ingredient in aircrew training devices, including operational flight trainers, and weapons systems trainers. But until that date, think of them as UFOs

Missions flown by the MilOrbs are all classified, and not even all of the top decision-makers in the military are aware of the role they currently play. Here we have a saying: global security is too way important to leave it in the hands of the military

Yes, I enjoyed activating the system and make my MilOrb look like a point-like UAP, flaring up, pulsating, showing jerky movements, splitting up into three more lights, fusing into one big orb... Yes, it's fun. It's fun to know that by pressing one button you can scan a given volume of air and that by pushing a slider you can control the pulse power–modulating beam. But no, it is no fun when after a sortie you have to go through that creepy medical tests
