The illusion of a thinking subject arises from confusing the unity of 
consciousness with the consciousness of a unity

Man leaves the city lights behind and drives into the desert. There he  lifts his eyes and looks into the depth of time. He sees in the  constellation Andromeda a faint patch that is the spiral galaxy closest  to us, our neighbor two million light years away. The light he sees left  the Andromeda Galaxy when his ancestor, Homo, first walked on earth. Man  is not satisfied with what he sees with his naked eye. He builds  telescopes, radio antennas, and other detectors to scan the firmament in  various frequencies of the electromagnetic spectrum. Radio astronomy  lifts the sky's veil of tranquility and reveals it to be a place of  violent activities: galactic collisions, supernova explosions, cosmic  jets bursting with energies equivalent to converting the mass of a  million suns. The heaven reveals itself to be vast and mighty, but blind  and indifferent. It has absolutely no regard for Man's hopes and  longings, and will in its own time reduce him and all his achievements  to void

Suppose we want to understand a person. We have ample techniques to  dissect him, reduce him to organs, tissues, cells, molecules, and atoms.  If we did these, we could publish papers that may be valuable in their  own right, but we would end up knowing very little about the person. He  was killed by the first cut at the throat

A superobserver can never be found in the content of observations, and  it vanishes if all contents are removed. This is the fundamental nature  of superobservers: that they cannot be observed. From this it follows  that the maximum number of superobservers is just one

The view is always bounded by a horizon. The observed is a formal  distinction that signifies the horizon of knowledge, but you need to  know that you can never step out of your horizon to attain God's  position. This is so by design

Being true or false is the feature of the content of a physical theory,  not a part of the content. Being virtual or real is also a feature of  the content of your consciousness, and it has nothing to do with  Reality. Dreams are as real as the dreamers themselves. And you can  dream of a dreamer who dreams Reality... It is not that there is a dream  within a dream, it is about a dreamer within a superdreamer
