Of the many things that can go wrong during the process of handling the question of contact with non-terrestrial intelligences, one of the major faults is to define the problem incorrectly. And this is what we have being doing so far: to approach contact as a symmetric encounter between two civilizations, instead of considering contact as an encounter between a casual stroller in a forest and a wasp

In our simulations, the non-terrestrial civilization is represented as a system which operates under an exotic logic. The empirical simulation model is then used to see how that alien system behaves. It can be used to describe the behavior of the system. Operating with the simulation model of the system should give further insights into the behavior of the system, its bottlenecks, and the consequences of alternative interventions. But after all these years of interacting with them the only solid knowledge we've gained is this: we are the wasp, they are the stroller

The stupidy of scientists is that they simply dismiss the sightings question on the sole basis of the lack of sufficient data. One may wonder whether complete data would enhance predictability at all. For instance, would it be possible to predict how a complex societal problem is going to develop in the near future when there is a complete model together with complete data for the problem? No, it wouldn't. It is not more data what we need: we just need direct interaction

We've learned more about aliens in the last five years that in all previous decades thanks to the system approach. See, systems thinking emerged as a response to the failure of mechanistic thinking to explain biological phenomena. We thought of aliens as life-forms, and since the systems view was originally born in biology, it tended to rely on biological analogies, introducing ideas such as survival, adaptability, development, growth, flexibility, and stability. That proved a wrong approach. Today, we do not consider aliens as life-forms, rather we consider them as a system, and we approach contact with them as the process in which two systems with different logic interact

You know, there is a state of “obscure knowledge”, in which there is an immediate experience of All in One and One in All that the mystics talk about. This resembles a kind of total omniscience, with no clear knowledge of any particular aspect of the world, which has nothing to do with concrete problems in astronomy, biology or physics

consciousness cannot depend upon language, but it is true that conscious subjects must have access to sophisticated concepts referring to mental states, and it is hard to see how such concepts could be acquired or sustained in the absence of language, any language

Can you imagine how differently reality presents itself to a brain that has been so radically decentralized, its intelligence distributed across thousands of MilOrbs so that each of them can taste, touch, and even make its own “decisions” without consulting headquarters? Can you imagine how strange and 'alien' would that system appear to you? I'll tell you how strange it would look to your eyes: it would look to you as if they were alien. It would look to you like Tired Light 2
