it seems to us they don’t or can’t communicate. Humans tend to use the most effective means of communication available to them to interact with others, but this may not be the case with nonhumans. We need to learn special skills like how to interpret their nonintentional messages if we wish to communicate with them instead of expecting them to initiate any communication at all

It is extremely difficult to assess the cognitive ability of intelligent life-forms of which we ignore everything. And while it is important to assume cognitive and communication potential, we cannot assume communication strategies that are humanlike. We must explore other frameworks

Cognition involves internal brain states that bear relations to representational contents. On the other hand, perception involves this and something more. Perceptual experiences, like sensations, are conscious experiences, and to have a conscious experience is to know what the experience is like, to be aware of its qualities. The problem is having a perceptual experience of those beings is harmful to us so far

There are subjects who have had a direct contact with them. In fact, the vast majority of close encounters with these life-forms involves a direct contact. But these contacts are always harmful in such a way that the brain remembers nothing about them, at least consciously. A common consequence of these contacts has to do with sleep disturbances. Sleep disturbances play an important role in accounting for dissociative symptoms and how they relate to highly aversive events, such as an encounter with thse life-forms

these dissociative symptoms are associated with a labile sleep–wake cycle in which dreamlike mentation invades the waking state, produces memory failures, and fuels dissociative experiences

These disorders include dissociative amnesia (extensive forgetting typically associated with highly aversive events), dissociative fugue (short-lived reversible amnesia for personal identity, involving unplanned travel or wandering), depersonalization disorder (DPD; feeling as though one is an outside observer of one’s body and feeling like an automaton or like living in a dream or a movie; an experience technically referred to as derealization), and dissociative identity disorder (DID; experiencing two or more distinct identities that recurrently take control over one's behavior

No, our problem is not that the subjects who have gone through a contact do not recall what happened to them. In fact, our problem is just the opposite one: memory failures involving pseudomemories, that is, the reporting of items that were not learned. I know it is tempting to think of memory failures solely in terms of forgetting. However, our research shows a heightened number of commission errors, rather than omission errors. Indeed, one of the most typical features of people who have had a direct contact with Giselians is that they tend to produce a relative abundance of pseudomemories

We now have the tools to specifically enhance SWS (Slow Wave Sleep) by administering drugs like eplivanserin. See, the key to new augmentative communication strategies is based on enhancing SWS, and not REM. We've wasted our time researching on REM. The moment we detect someone showing evidence of having had a contact we send them to centers for research on sleep and dissociative symptoms. We never tell them we know what's going on; we never tell them about Giselians. We simply tell them there's something wrong with their sleep cycles and that they shouldn't worry about it
