The probes did not lie. When we explored the Bohmian cube we took all kind of measurements and we gathered all kind of scientific data. Once we had a complete idea of its nature we took the decision to send a manned mission. What happened then taught us a bitter lesson, a lesson we would never forget from that point on. The lesson that space and time are no longer the dominant factors determining the relationships of dependence or independence of different elements. The crew differed from the probes in one single fundamental way: humans do dream, probes do not. That's something we sadly forgot

Giselians were completely astonished that man has always been seeking wholeness, either mental, physical, social, or individual, yet human cosmology was so split between man and Nature. They simply couldn't understand why did we venture into the cube when even our spacecrafts showed such an unnatural division between the pilot and the instrumentation. They said they helped us to get out of the cube, and made it clear that was the last time they would help in the future

It is thus essential to be aware of the world view implied in each form of language, and to be watchful and alert, to be ready to see when this world view ceases to fit actual observation and experience, as these are extended beyond certain limits

Sir, the love that exists in reality is one thing. That same word cannot be applied here. You can call it ‘compassion’, you can call it something else, but it’s not the same word, the same content of that word

Everything you measured, everything you detected, the entire thing you called 'The Observable Universe' was just the space surrounding Earth, and that space was inside the Bohmian cube. Your planet was trapped inside the Bohmian bubble, that's all. We knew time entanglement meant every time we made an experiment something was changed somewhere else in the past, but it took us a long time to discover that 'somewhere' was actually Earth. See, from the outside your planet is perfectly invisible to the rest of the Universe because of its being inside a Bohmian cube. In that way, you are alone. Face it

We don't want to discuss about whether both observer and observed are merging and interpenetrating aspects of one whole reality, which is indivisible and unanalysable. We don't care whether there is something like a stream of consciousness or a tube connecting or past and our future. We just want to go home, and by 'home' we mean our world, our present, seconds before we entered the cube. That's what we want. That's the only thing we want: going home

We do not see what is actually happening when we are engaged in the activity of thinking. That's all. To think destroys the nature of our observation. We need to stop thinking if we wish to understand what's going on. And the only way we know how to stop thinking without ceasing being humans is dreaming. That's a Bohmian Cube: something you must dream about if you wish to observe it. The very moment you think about it, it vanishes
