too often we worship the gift, rather than the giver

See, your civilization is currently engaged in a desperate
struggle to overcome certain problems that threaten its
survival. Do not fear your Sun and its flares; do not expect an asteroid 
to destroy your planet; do not fear biological hazards. All of it can be 
countered. But tell us, Norea, what can you do about the real threat, 
human behaviour? The fate of the human race is at the mercy of the machines 
men have built themselves. No need to blame others for your own miseries, Norea

But you do not have any more time than before because together 
with all the devices that you have invented to save time, you have also 
come up with all sorts of new ways to waste time

You are not going to live very 
long. You have a rather short 
life, and since you are not going to live very long, do not waste your time 
on selfish pursuits. Put not your trust in princes, in a son of man, in 
whom there is no salvation. Put not your trust in those who come from 
other stars, Norea. Be you

There is no salvation 
in politicians. Do not put your hope in a political fix. Do not trust them,
not because they are wicked, but because they are mortal. See, Norea, 
they are going to die and when they die, they can do nothing to save you. 
Believe us, trusting in man is a bad idea

Close your eyes to our truth: it shines so brightly it will get you blind.
Remember that kind and wonderful person who once loved you? He is gone. So 
come face to face with your mortality, Norea. When you die, your plans perish 
with you. Do you want immortality? Do you want to be forever? Be you

And beware the angels and their spaceships, Norea. Be careful of the celestial 
dictators, take care of those who execute justice for the oppressed, who give 
food to the hungry: they will subjugate you, too. What did you think, that just doing this,
doing that, and doing the other thing everything would be fine?
That is not how life works, Norea. Learn this: the focus is not on what you do, 
but on whom you trust

The transformation of culture is a gift. And any time 
you focus on the gift rather than the giver, you turn the gift into an 
idol. But be careful, my child, for ontrol over human behaviour will be introduced
not by a calculated decision of the authorities but
through a process of social evolution. You are responsible for your being controlled, 
Norea
