Either you understand that a bonded operator/machine system should not be expected to conform to the isolated operator and isolated machine behaviors, but to establish its own characteristic behavior, or you have not understood what quantum computing is. You thought quantum computer was all about simply replacing wires by optical fibers? You thought quantum computing was just a matter of exploiting photon entanglement to speed up processing time and increase computing power? No, my friend, you got it all wrong. What we want is a system that creates information, rather than just processing information

If consciousness were to allow itself the same wave particle duality that it has already conceded to numerous physical processes, it would have at its disposal a host of wave mechanical capacities, such as remote influence, interference, diffraction, barrier penetration, and resonance, that could accommodate anomalies like those encountered in our experiments. And by accepting consciousness acts as a field, we can then set forth to design ways to modulate, tame, and control that field. In other words: we do not need humans to operate the computer, rather we need their consciousness

Taken in ensemble, these myriad results of the human/machine experiments and analyses clearly testify to a subtle but proactive role for consciousness in the behavior of random physical systems. Although the absolute size of the effects is very small -- equivalent to the correlated inversion of a few bits per ten thousand in the random strings -- the associated shifts of the distribution means for databases of this size are not only well beyond chance expectation, they are also well beyond the tolerance of many modern engineering control and information management systems. Not least of all, they are also considerably larger than many of the established effects that form the basis of modern physical theories

We are dealing here with non-terrestrial xenotechnological objects, right? And there is no way we can interact with those objects. No way to extract any useful information from them using standard tech. We need something different. We need a system that would make possible the anomalous acquisition of information

The problem is that the old computing paradigm was solely based on objective information. Quantum computing, however, introduces a self-evident distinction between objective and subjective information. The connection between the user and the computer is so intimate in quantum computing that consciousness must be taken into account, and for what we know, consciousness acquires information in subjective form. What's more: consciousness can create information. There is thus a subjective information for which we have no theory on how it works

We don't give a shit about the future of humanity, or the future of the planet. We don't even care at all what may or may not happen to the entire galaxy. What really matters to us is stopping the simulation. That's our whole reason for being

Quantum computing is affected by human consciousness, which is embodied in operators, percipients, and agents, acting under some intention, volition, or desire which we cannot control. This means we need to either remove consciousness from the human operator, or provide an 'engineered subconscious human' to control the quantum computer
