Are astronauts really perceived as having been sent by mankind or are 
they perceived as sent by the respective countries? I guess the general 
perception is that when Armstrong stepped on the Moon he did it as an 
American, not as the representative of mankind. On the other hand, no one 
of the flags planted on the moon represent mankind. By the same token, we 
will refuse to take any ETI object as representative of the entire extraterrestrial 
civilization they are purported to represent

the direction from which it arrives and the frequency at which it was 
broadcasted. Furthermore, the strength of the arriving signal and its 
detailed characteristics will tell us much about the technological capabilities 
of the broadcasters, and the frequency dispersion caused by its passage 
through interstellar space will provide a good indication of the 
distance it has travelled

efforts should be made by SV17q to find out whether the object arrived at the solar 
system on purpose or by accident. Depending on the outcome of these 
investigations, appropriate steps should be taken as mentioned

they already know about our rapid environmental impact; they simply has 
to listen to leaked electromagnetic signals and correlate them with changes in 
Earth’s spectral signature to find out what kind of jerks we are

that particular day we got excited with a  narrowband, slowly modulated signal 
of sustained duration, and a stable amplitude. The signal didn't match the characteristics 
of known, interfering signals of terrestrial or solar system origin, and we were getting more 
and more frenzied when we realized the signal would repeat when follow-up observations 
of the relevant sky positions were performed

we spent next two weeks checking for noise in the receiver electronics, 
characterizing thermal noise, checking for cosmic-ray induced events, and hardware failures. 
Nothing was found. We then proceeded to search for terrestrial RFI sources, sources 
of Earth orbit RFI, and possible sources from interplanetary spacecrafts. They were all 
ruled out as the origin of the signal. We then looked for natural, extrinsic modulation 
of narrowband astrophysical sources ruling out interstellar radio scintillation and
gravitational lensing, and we also performed checks to rule out natural, extrinsic modulation 
of the ETI signal. By the end of the third week, we were totally convinced the signal was genuinely 
artificial and nonterrestrial, so we initiated the SOP informing upper level echelon of our 
finding
