Concealment is the soil in which pseudoscience flourishes

... then General DENIED asked whether operation DENIED wasn't in fact a space Pearl Harbor..

We don't want the public to believe these signals are U.S. advanced technology being tested, and we 
specifically don't want our enemies to talk about those signals that way. We need to set up the adequate 
framework to cover our actvities in space, and if this means generating fake ETI signals we'll do it, indeed

some violation of the standard operation of an individual space system
may result in almost-total failure of the normal functioning of military, commercial, and
other systems and structures. The hypothetical deployment of the means of destruction or
interference of various physical natures, threatening spacecraft operations (foremost, that 
of early warning satellites) may in a crisis situation lead to a high level of strategic
 instability, encouraging reliance on a preemptive nuclear strike

Scientists are not immune to such beliefs as ETI beacons so we don't expect a problem here. Actually, we can 
design damn good fake signals that to all effects look as coming from outside Earth, and having all the features 
you would expect from an ETI signal. It is just a matter of we making public statements about our own amazement 
with this scientific 'finding', and there you are: people talking about aliens, instead of talking about our secret 
space program, which is the point we want to be

... the signal was highly resistant to distortions, it was repetitive, and was easily detected using autocorrelation algorithms; 
the signal consisted of narrow band pulses. When we applied algorithms to characterize the signal further, we 
discovered signal corruption was negligible, which means the signal was not traversing any interstellar medium, 
which basically means... it was coming from within our own solar system..

Look, satellites are delicate, fragile devices that can easily fall prey to any number of space weapons that
currently exist. There are lasers, radio frequency jamming, brute force weapons, and
surface-to-space missiles with kinetic kill vehicles, weapons that are mostly relatively small, mobile systems.
Now, a moon-based weapon is less vulnerable to those attacks, so it is of the outmost interest to us to have a 
permanent facility on the Moon, and to be the first ones to have it

No matter what ETI hypothesis is considered, all of them have serious survival implications
