Sure an advanced civilization would engage itself in some sort of stellar engineering; however, it is more likey they would also engage themselves in doom engineering, therefore we need to figure out possible ways of engineering global sterilisation events in order to be able to detect them beforehand

he suggested that life on Earth might have originated accidentally from a pile of waste products dumped on Earth long ago by extraterrestrial beings, and that those beings are now involved in a planetary remediation program under which they are repairing the damage they accidentally caused. He added that this remediation program involves wiping off life forms from the planet they used as a waste disposal site

You normally expect each and any civilization to self-destroy or be destroyed by a third civilization; in the extreme cases in which a civilization escapes self-destruction and becomes a supercivilization, you need to guarantee it will also decay. Ruling out ecocide, astronomical events, GRBs, supernova burst, or deep cosmological events, the only possibility is to retroseed that civilization in order to increase galactic entropy

Obviously, an advanced civilization should have in place a life self-termination program that will activate the very moment they realize they themselves are a threat. According to this, once humans learn they have initiated the destruction of their own planet up to a point of irreversibility, they should self-destroy themselves. If you were an honourable man about to committ a hideous crime, wouldn't you committ suicide? Having a self-destruction mechanism in place proves whether an advanced civilization is or isn't sufficiently advanced

none of the stars in the Alpha Centauri system are large enough to go supernova, therefore this scenario is not taken into consideration. On the other hand, life could perdure on a rogue planet long enough for it to be recaptured, and thus the proposal is to use spacecrafts designed to physically destroy whatever is left of a planet after an allegedly global sterilisation event

Suppose you are to design a spacecrat that should reenter Sol-3 atmosphere ten million years from now; the spacecraft carries a payload devised to cause a complete global sterilisation event within the framework of the Life Forms Reset Program; the idea is programming a highly eccentric orbit to prevent the spacecrat to be detected by current humans; the return path would take the spacecraft back home 10 million years after. To all effects, whatever intelligent life forms inhabit Sol-3 by then would consider the incoming spacecraft as 'alien'

Tardigrades can survive for a few minutes at temperatures as low as -272 °C or as high as 150 °C, and -20 °C for decades. They withstand pressures from virtually 0 atm in space up to 1200 atm at the bottom of the Marianas Trench. They are also resistant to radiation levels ~5000–6200 Gy. For complete sterilisation we must establish the necessary event to kill all such creatures

The idea of launching spacecrafts which include time capsules for humans or aliens in the far future is not new, and not exclusive of humans. Sol-3-STO-2000 humans already launched spacecratfs and satellites containing plaques with boring 'peace & hemp' messages, and even one satellite, LAGEOS, which will re-enter the atmosphere in 8.4 million years, contains a plaque showing the arrangement of the planet's continents in the past, present, and future. Five million years from now there will be no humans - as we know them - on Sol-3, due to the total degradation of Y-chromosome by that time, as a result of a natural genetic decay process

We are more interested in Denebian probes, sent by a unknown civilization, and reentering Sol-3 atmosphere around 3,100. How do you design a message that could be understood by present-day humans? Actually, what kind of message would humans in the year 2017 understand if a probe launched during the Cambrian were to reenter the atmosphere today? That's a design challenge we need to solve
