You need to wait for the biological system to enter into the sleep state; they always do, and this is 
something you cannot induce at a distance. Humans tend to sleep some 7 hours and they tend to do it 
by night. This has to do with both their photobiological nature and the orbital parameters of their 
home planet. Once in the sleep state you can initiate contact. Unless you leave behind a physical evidence 
of the contact, the subject will never tell the difference between the contact an a dream. Visual 
imagery must be fed carefully as the human brain tends to fear what it does not understand and readily 
turns inocuous images into a nightmare, a special kind of dreams that are frightening and unpleasant 
for the dreamer

Contact using the paraphysical channel should not be made during the first few hours after falling 
asleep as most humans do not recall their dreams upon awakening. The LEB contact strategy requires a 
delicate balance between different sleep states which do differ in duration and intensity

How does memory work in a time travel scenario? What do we recall once we've traveled in time? 
Time travel does not involve changing the past; it involves changing what we do remember about the 
past. This is what we've learned from Giselians

Of all possible dream states a human can experience, hypnagogia is the one showing a higher success 
probability for the LEB strategy. However, loosening of ego boundaries is experienced as a frightening 
condition by humans. It is thus essential to make them have the impression of familiarity toward the
person, place, or objects upon which our contact visual imagery is built

Dreaming helps to create, rather than reveal, past experiences. This is why dream technologies are 
key in any successful time traveling development

The desired information isn't lost
over time; it is either never registered in memory to begin with, or not
sought after at the moment it is needed, because attention is focused elsewhere. Another 
issue to avoid is the one related to persistence, in which the subject entails repeated recall of disturbing
information or events that he would prefer to banish from his mind altogether, that is, remembering 
what we cannot forget, even though we wish that we could

we will need to immerse ourselves in the dark sides of memory and dreaming if we wish to make of LEB 
a valid contact strategy, and we need to fully explore the properties of the environment in which 
the memory system operates if we wish to have a slight chance of making contact with them

It is clear that a time
traveller is not as simple as a spatial one and to visit your younger ego cannot be like a
journey to an old aunt in the countryside. If occurrents and continuants can coexist
and can be caught in ordinary language and ordinary thought, an object going through
a CTC is not simply an occurrent or a continuant. It is possible that we have to leave
place for this third type of temporal object, something that isn’t yet present in our
language and cannot be accommodated with our minds. The presence of a time
traveller can be considered as a third type of existence: he is in a real world but he can
influence no objects in it that are temporal parts of the whole to which he belongs. It
remind us of the difference between quantum particles and macroscopic objects or the
difference between wave and corpuscle. It is better to accept it as a new type of
temporal existence and not to force it into our classical view of occurrent and
continuants
