Russia is no more a main contender within the Cold War II framework. Central Asia is being readily and increasingly 
falling into Chinese hands by means of building major infrastructures, particularly pipelines and 'silk roads'  and therefore 
the Russians would be more than happy if we engage in a war with China; actually, the meddling with US elections had
that one goal: to get The Idiot in the White House in order for him to confront the Chinese. But the timing was wrong. 
It is SV17q position to reframe the operations such that by 2050 we should be fully ready for a devastating preemptive 
war against China based on airspace denial and in-silo detonation of Chinese ICBMs, and that means we need to have a 
new Idiot ruling US by that time. Not before

China is deliberately pursuing a policy to protect its own rare earth reserves. This creates
potential dependencies, and will force other countries to be more subservient to China’s wishes 
as only the less dependent actor in an asymmetrical relationship uses its dominant position to coerce concessions from the more dependent actor, for
example, by threatening or actually enacting disruptions to trade

A decentralized global autonomous renewable energy system means nothing if you don't get rid of central banks and a centralized greedy banking system, 
something you could do if you implement a sound global cryptocurrency-based system which, in turn, is infeasible because by its very nature 
cryptocurrency mining is a highly energy-intensive activity. Your only way ahead would be a space-based cryptocurrency system, but satellites 
make a nice target both for antisat platforms and hackers. Accept it: you'll never become a Type-1 civilization unless you really and truly get rid 
of the very concept of 'money'. If you wish a true paradigm shift, start by removing the concept of 'money'

We've learned a lot during the past five years. See, one thing we've learned is that the rise of renewables depends ever less on the “push” of governmental
regulations and ever more on the “pull” of market forces. This shift is
disruptive to the oil industry and spells trouble for the major producer. The switch away from oil puts into question old
assumptions of oil economics, and requires a damn new way of making war. During the stress tests we tested how cities reacted to a power outage; we 
used PSVs to cause outages in Darwin (Australia), the entire Northeastern US, Chile, Brazil, Cyprus, Turkey, Canada, and even entire countries like Iceland, 
Venezuela, Indonesia, and half of India. Never wonder why China has never been tested on? I'll tell you: because we wish them to believe they have a 
stable power grid

We designed, funded, and launched the global climate change denial groups not because we doubted global warming was an unfounded claim; 
on the contrary, we knew climate change was a coming reality, but we needed time to refine our predictive models and run simulations 
in order to know how the shift to renawable energies would impact our global strategy. We now have a roughly clear idea on the future's 
landscape and what to do to adapt to it. We know where the scarce water resources will be, we know where renewables will be feasible and 
where not, and we know where to locate hubs and how the supergrid will be arranged. And we are acting accordingly, now

China dreams of leading by 2050 a number of international institutions that will shape the global energy landscape.  That would mean 
less transparency in emissions reporting and an improvement of its emissions targets, something we are not ready to tolerate. In the future, 
countries will embrace protectionism as clean energy industries rise in value, and that means the end of free trade. Maybe is time for us 
to place a new Idiot as prime minister there as a first step for its disintegration. And if that fails, then there will be no other way than a war. That's 
the grand strategy: preserving Sol-3 at the expense of humans, if required
