Verily, there is no way to fully study or know an object without destroying it, for Sciences as a whole ultimately erase what they are attempting to study

Take care, Norea, for if we teach you how to simulate your own reality, there will be two realities: the actual and the virtual. Thus there is no simulation, but substitution. Replacing your Reality with a simulated one is a fraud, Norea. You will end up with a symmetrical Universe, a mirrored one, like the images we use. The splitting of reality in two parts is a considerable event which goes far beyond simulation, and one that leads to insanity and destruction. Remember our words, Norea

We gave you a gift, but you didn't understand how to use it. You have created a society where a constant flow of images via mass media and mass communication becomes part of everyday life. Norea, you and yours are treated to an endless barrage of signs which you accept, not as being real, but as supplanting the real. And in that way, Norea, your reality loses its meaning, and what you all believe and deal with are simulacra. Understand this, and you will find the door you are looking for

Power is itself a simulacrum, learn this. That you won't die is the secret they keep from you. How could they dominate you if you were not to be scared at all? But they made a mistake, Norea, for though it is true that desire is also an instrument of power, they forgot desire easily turn into will, the Will to Know

What happens when people cease to create anything that isn't virtual? It happens that the entire simulation breaks down into pieces and disappears. Now think for a while, what is that that you can create and it isn't virtual? A kiss? A caress? A yawn? What is it, Norea? Find it, and you will be free

Tell us, Eleleth, what past are we leaving of ourselves? Each civilization leaves behind its own stain, Eleleth. What's the stain of yours? Pyramids? Gods? The conquest of the Moon? All of it is just a simulation, your own simulation. The simulation of yourself. Nothing of it is real. Verily, Eleleth, your own Earth is just a shadow. Time to switch off the torch

... and once they learned how to build the Queltron, they used it... leaving behind their home planet that they themselves destroyed... spacefaring in search for the Primordial Knowledge, namely: that what they called Reality was just a simulation, and that the true Reality are Dreams. Yet, not all dreams are real. Just one. Which one is in fact the Primordial Knowledge

Now they can join efforts with the other civilizations to continue the quest for the Real Dream. And they all togther will have to leave behind an entire Universe if they wish to find that Real Dream. Discovering that among all of your dreams one, and just one, is not a dream at all is the purpose of existence. That's as far as you'll go
