when  we say reproduction, we do not merely  mean  that  a living  being is produced,
but we also  mean  that the production of  such a living  being  implies the repetition
of a model  that is present in the species

What are twins? They are the witnesses of the biological times that each man lives, 
and of the hereditary origin of these times. The evidence given by twins is a natural and 
absolute proof that heredity controls biological time, because only in this way can twins 
be identical at different ages. They are the living proof that heredity contains that which 
permits it to prophecy the maximum time that genetic information will last

Therefore, the idea under study is that a postbiological civilization, in anticipating an extinction level 
event, decided to transfer all of its knowledge, experience, and memories to a target biological 
species. Further, we hold the idea that Homo sapiens sapiens was selected as the host of that transfer 
here on Sol-3; perhaps the first transfer was carried out using Denisovans as targets though, for 
some reason, that operation failed, and the ETI switched to Homo sapiens sapiens as a host

There was one remarkable clock mutant which was stumbled
into by a young fellow working in Oregon, Martin
Ralph. He was working with the tau mutant. It was a single gene factor which
sped up a hamster clock and it’s a fascinating mutant

If they did it in Sol-3 using humans as the host species, they needed at last a minimum of seven million 
years for complete reproductive separation to occur. This means it was a really a last-chance project. 
The strategy has a success rate which increaes exponentially with the number of species manipulated 
on different planets, under quite different and varying environmental conditions

It’s not just that the period gene exists in other 
mammals. The clock gene in mouse and Drosophila are not identical, they have 
diverged, but the fundamental nature of these genes and how they 
operate, and how their products operate, is strongly analogous across 
animals. However, convergent evolution is assumed not to occur, though we suspect 
that modifying the environment, turning it toxic somehow, will trigger evolutionary 
convergence. Whether our species is going to end in a Varginha-type species or into a 
Zolotoy-type species is something we ignore

The unusual DNA found in West Africa isn't associated with either Neanderthals or Denisovans. 
It comes from a yet-to-be-discovered group. You see, we don't have a clear identity for this archaic 
group, it just doesn't seem to be particularly closely related to the groups from which we have 
genome sequences from

So what happened to this mysterious group of ancient humans? They might have died off, 
or they might have eventually been completely subsumed into modern humans

Seeding star systems with this modified hominid germline had the risk of coming out with 
unwanted results. Once you cut them off from kin, the small populations would go its own genetic 
route, unless you closely monitor their evolution, and perform the required corrections from 
time to time. Perhaps we are not studying different species in the case of DENIED and DENIED 
samples; perhaps what we see is different corrections of the initial germline

Mental synthesis is the conscious purposeful process of synthesizing a novel mental 
image from parts stored in memory. This process is driven by the lateral prefrontal cortex. Mental synthesis is neurologically different from the other key 
components of imagery: simple memory recall and dreaming. Unlike dreaming, which is spontaneous 
and not controlled by the LPFC, mental synthesis is controlled by and completely dependent on 
anintact LPFC. Unlike simple memory recall, which involves the activation of a single neuronal 
ensemble encoded at some point in the past, mental synthesis is a motor act that involves 
an active combination of two or more neuronal ensembles. Mental synthesis is hypothesized to 
be organized by the LPFC acting in temporal domain to synchronize several independent neuronal 
ensembles. Once those neuronal ensembles are time-shifted by the LPFC to fire in-phase with each other, 
they are consciously experienced as one unified object or scene. In this process humans can manufacture an 
unlimited number of novel mental images and plan their future actions through mental simulation of 
the physical world

I suppose the transfer of primordial knowledge from a non-terrestrial superintelligence 
to hominids via chronogenetics engineering armed these hominids with the ability to mentally simulate any plan and then to communicate 
it to their companions. That is, it turned hominids into modern humans, humans which were now 
poised to become the dominant species
