Let an ultraintelligent machine be defined as a machine that can far surpass all the intellectual activities of any man however clever. Since the design of machines is one of these intellectual activities, an ultraintelligent machine could design even better machines; there would then unquestionably be an intelligence explosion, and the intelligence of man would be left far behind. Thus the first ultraintelligent machine is the last invention that man need ever make

If the universe behaves like a life form, then obviously it will need to implement some kind of technicide mechanism to prevent simpler life-forms to perpetuate themselves beyond the reasonable life-time. In other words: you want the beneficial gut bacteria in your body to not proliferate. You don't want your cells to reproduce out of control. By the same token, any Universe won't allow the noogenesis of civilizations whose technology would pose a threat to its own fate

But whose fault? Cosmologial natural selection led to parameters co-optimized to enable stars, life, and technology. Stars foster life, life creates technology, and technology accomplishes cosmological reproduction. That was how the happy tune went. Now we know technology can also accomplish cosmological death, and sure the cosmos has also learned the lesson so that next universe will surely be devoid of any technological civilization. But here is a dilemma: if technology must provide a means to produce more cosmic offspring than are generated by stellar processes, then you need intelligent life forms

Technology is suicidal, anyway. But we need to watch carefully certain developments that could prevent technology to self-destruct. We need to implement technicide mechanisms that would eventually terminate any technology which refuses to collapse

We should also not be surprised that technologies of tremendous sophistication are feasible with materials that are ubiquitous in the solar system and across the galaxy, produced by stars, if these technologies are important in the evolutionary process. As we proceed to invent/discover new technologies, we may expect to find tools suited to the long-term survival of civilization culminating in production of singularities

Look, life with technology can produce more black holes than stars alone. And black holes are what guarantee new universes to proliferate. If the Universe were a life-form it would certainly foster the emergence of intelligent life forms, able to create black holes from which offspring universes could be born. But there are also technicide civilizations: those who use technology to prevent other civilizations to advance and progress, and who prevent the creation of artificial black holes
