We've heard so many times that the system is going to explode that 
when it is exploding we do not see it. It seems we have problems recognizing
facts that scare us. These facts are hidden behind COVID-19, the last attempt 
to innoculate our minds with a permanent fear that will get the army in the streets
and will keep us locked down inside our houses, lest we suddenly became aware of what the outbreak 
really means. So many virtual realities have been created for us that 
when the crudest reality is here, we are not able to see it

Iran has launched a weapon far more deadly than war: a stock market 
that sells its oil in euros instead of dollars. China, India and other 
countries have already showed interested in the new Iranian Oil Exchange

 policy. But the final attack begins in 2017, when 
these countries signed with the BRICS, led by China, the sale of oil in 
yuans, based on the old gold standard (the standard that Nixon broke in 1971)

In June, 2013, the fund of Qatar became the owner of 2.95% of the 
authorized capital of VTB [Russian bank – ed], in September, 2016 — 
the owner of 24.99% of stocks of Pulkovo airport [Saint Petersburg]. In December of the same year it acquired 19.5% of the stocks of 
“Rosneft” in a consortium with Glencore, and in June of 2017 active 
negotiations on the purchase of a 25% share in the Independent Oil & Gas 
company began (which at this time was under direct American sanctions). 
Today the fund widely supports cooperation with the Russian direct 
investment fund and studies projects worth $6.5 billion

They were dreaming of a pipeline from Qatar to Europe through Syria, 
but with the emergence in Syria of the Russian Airforce the project 
failed, the pipeline became unrealizable, and Doha quickly changed its 
current negotiation positions. The oil market crashed in 2014 and 
Russia was pushed into recession in 2015. Saudi-Russian oil war in 2020 
is just an attempt at killing off US shale oil production. Won't last.
But what they don't realize is that until you find a vaccine for 
COVID-19, you will need to stay idle and off-the-maket. Maybe you find 
a vaccine in 2 years, but by that time, too many US shale oil companies 
will be long dead

The deal Russia+OPEC already showed that cooperation between 
Moscow and Riyadh can have a serious impact on the global energy market, 
and a joint and simultaneous departure from the dollar-denominated oil 
trade by all our countries — Russia, Saudi Arabia, Iran, China, 
Venezuela, and others, moreover can produce a real revolution in the 
global financial sphere, for the benefit of all our countries

US Missile Defence Agency is about to start deploying ballistic missile 
tracking and interception systems in space in the near future. The 
development and implementation of a sustainable space sensor 
architecture should be completed by the end of 2022

They rely on Rapid Global Strike, involving the attack and destruction of critical 
enemy facilities by non-nuclear weapons anywhere in the globe within an 
hour of receiving the order. The strike is planned to be launched by 
hypersonic missiles from sea and air carriers, as well as from space 
platforms

, the largest Chinese investment and commercial 
infrastructure plan ever proposed. Not only does it include roads, rail 
routes, ports, airports, and transport infrastructure, it also includes 
norms and standards, customs, courts, electronic commerce, and all 
countries and continents can be included, from the Arctic to Latin 
America

Any country prefers yuan-gold, than dollar-paper, this has made Saudi 
Arabia start selling to China in this currency. The weekend of 6-8 March 
2020, Saudi Arabia has stopped with the help of the 
Russian espionage an attempted coup d'état, organized by a faction of 
the royal family itself, and has accused the United States of being the 
instigator

in order to authorize DENIED operations using biological vectors located in South Africa to hit China just in time when EU states are 
considering using China's Huawei 5G technology, Italy's Northern 
League is supporting the Russia-China axis at all recent world summits, 
and Italy had just bought oil in petro-yuan for the first time. Targets are selected on a DENIED basis

The infection struck a blow to the confidence of unrestrained 
liberalism in the market, all the victories of which were erased in an 
instant. Wall Street is gripped by an unprecedented crisis, hundreds of 
billions of Euros evaporated in just one day. Faith in finance has definitely faded away

Because of the prospect of an American default, Beijing has no choice 
but to urgently start selling off treasuries. This could completely destroy
the US public debt market – investors will stop buying new bond issues 
because of the excess supply

In then end, the design of the COVID-19 general test of social control by DENIED was a success in that it accelerated the needed changes for the paradigm shift to consolidate. From now on, climate refugees is the next
scenario to work on up to year 2100

The post-2100 scenario is the one in which geminoviruses are released, 
killing virtually 90% of the world crops. DENIED estimates that by 
2100 Russia was producing 300 million ton of grain, that was totally 
devastated by the SV17q-designed DENIED geminovirus
