it may be the case after all that there is some fundamental limit to time intervals, and so it becomes a matter of curiosity as to how far we can go along that road

intelligence could have evolved in our galaxy 4-5 billion years ago, since the oldest stars in our galaxy formed about 10-11 billion years ago; several lines of evidence agree that extraterrestrial intelligence could have emerged several billion years ago

this is the first observational evidence that we do live in an acausal universe. On the other hand, though it is widely believed that the existence of time machines must lead to some paradoxes in fact not a single such paradox has ever been found

In a now seminal work in the field of memory research, Tulving (1985) presented the case of patient K.C. who, at the age of 30, suffered a traumatic brain injury as a result of a motorcycle accident. Although a good deal of K.C.?s cognitive faculty was left intact following the injury ? for example, his general intelligence and language skills were preserved ? he displayed an unusual pattern of memory loss. While he could recount knowledge of the world (e.g., semantic memories) and recite very recently encountered information (e.g., short-term memories), K.C. was unable to recall the details of his personal experiences. He knew, for instance, who the members of his family were but was unable to remember any specific event relating to them. When asked describe occurrences from his past, K.C. simply reported that his mind was blank. This led Tulving to suggest that K.C. displayed a total loss of episodic memory (i.e., memories of personally experienced events). Notably however, K.C. also reported the “same kind of blankness” when asked to contemplate personally relevant future events, such as what he might do the next day. Put simply, K.C. had lost the ability to travel mentally through time. In the same way he was unable to revisit past experiences, he was also unable to prospectively look into the future, leaving his mind perpetually stranded in the here-and-now
