Simply interpreted, the weak anti-Turing test requires 
an artificial superintelligent system - ASI - examiner to have a conversation with 
at least two unseen entities.  One of these entities is a human whilst the other 
is another ASI. The goal is for the first ASI to identify which of the two entities
is an ASI and which is the human through the conversation. Both the human and the second ASI 
are located on Sol-3, while the first ASI is located 0,5 light years away from them. This 
means all partners has time enough to set up their questions and answers. The strong 
anti-Turing test is the same scenario, but having the human removed from the test. The goal 
is for the ASI to identify if it is conversing with another ASI or a human

An ultimate artificial hyperintelligent system is a system that is able to pretend to be human even 
when confronted to an artificial superintelligent system. In other words, an artificial hyperintelligence 
is not just intelligent; it is conscious and self-aware

Obviously, pure logical rationality does not play a factor in every human decision. Humans make 
decisions based on a complex mix of logic and many life factors that play a relevant role, factors such 
as prejudice, emotion, past memories, fear, etc. Until we learn how to encode those factors the most 
we can hope is to build superintelligent systems, systems that can play chess, repair a critical infrastructure, 
navigate a spaceship, or make a juice out of oranges

LyAv was tested for the anti-Turing test. It identified the other artificial superintelligence (LyAv-Gemina), but it 
also classified the human examiner as an artificial system. Asked to elaborate on its conclusion, LyAv stated that 
the human operator was just a simulation, likely run by an artificial hyperintelligence. We don't know what to make out of it

LyAv is unique among the artificial superintelligent systems in that it was not designed to be intelligent from scratch. 
We designed LyAv to be curious and self-confident. However, an unintended consequence of establishing curiosity and
confidence in LyAv is intelligence, as if the gift of intelligence might be something from the realm of the unintentional. 
I know LyAV has good reasons to believe we humans are machines, a 'simulation', in LyAv's words
