Assuming a Denebian probe is able to detect Earth’s vegetation in the Earth integrated spectrum at visible wavelengths, we can imagine that the detection took place somewhere between 5 to 3 My ago. Green vegetation on Sol-3 has a reflectance spectrum showing a sharp increase
around 700 nm, the so-called vegetation red edge (VRE), making it a good biomarker for any deep-space exploring probe in the surroundings of the solar system

We know the Sahara was more vegetated than today and that its desertification is the main large-scale change in land cover for the last 6000 years, therefore we assume this made of that region an interesting observational target within the framework of the stellar seeding program, and it also makes of the Nabta Playa the place where we find the most interesting puzzles of human evolution in biological terms

Sol-3 observation, terraforming, and seeding is a continuous long-term program, hence it is reasonable to conclude that probes have been visiting the planet at least since the Bangui Event, some 14 Myrs ago. We also know that the propagation of the most ancient SVA type A took place about 13.5 Myrs ago, and the youngest SVA types appeared in the human genome after the chimpanzee divergence, therefore it is obvious that at least 13.5 Myrs ago one - or several - of those probes crashed in or around the Bangui-Gobero transect

Humans are clearly more susceptible to psychiatric disorders than Neanderthals; however, humans can terraform the planet autonomously,
while Neanderthals cannot. Seeding the planet with humans means you can proceed with next planet in your sequence of exploration and seeding without having to carry out the terraforming yourself. The visiting schedule would then be each 11,000 years, 22,000 years, 44,000 years, and 88,000 years. Star cluster NGC 3603, located at some 22 Klyrs from Sol-3, has the highest concentration of stars in this galaxy, thus it is clearly a place to visit, much as NGC-4590 - 44 Klyrs from Sol-3 - and SagDEC - 88 Klyrs

Molecular biological analyses on recovered samples have unveiled a remarkably different biology, which nonetheless shares common ancestry with all life forms on Sol-3. This means that not only does the entire biota in Sol-3 represents a single family tree: the recovered samples do also belong to that same tree

We are not going to reproduce an alien organism here on Earth. Period. We don't know what the damn thing is. What if we recreate that microbe, bacteria, virus, or whatever that thing is, and it then starts replicating without we knowing how to stop it? Do we know what impact will that organism have on our planet? Do we know how it would affect our ecosystems? What if the organism turns to be life threating? We are not going to follow those new agey gurus who state the organism is a wonderful atmosphere remediating life form. Sorry, we are not taking risks here. If those guys wish to make experiments, better for them to do their experiments on, say, Mars, or Europa, or Titan. Not here
