the design of a disruptive crisis must also be done according to procedures; once the cryptocurrency system has been deployed and successfully tested, the collapse of the dollar-based monetary system can proceed as planned. Actually, we are moving from a system based on the gold standard - in which the actors do believe that the declared quantities of gold are really what they are told - to a system based on altcoins, in which the agents do believe secrecy and anonimity is guaranteed. Of course, this is not true

Social Security is essential for millions of retirees, therefore destroying Social Security is the main target. If we want to hurt the maximum number of people we need to hurt them there where they least expect it: in their future

lending to those who can afford to repay was the main mistake; under the new strategy, we will first knock down those who lend, such that there will be no one left to lend the money. APT-variant viruses are designed to tamper with the blocks within the blockchain; a compromised blockchain is all we need to turn down any cryptocurrency-based system. Once public confidence in the safety of the blockchain is lost, you should expect a major impact on markets

Compromising electrical power generation and distribution infrastructures should be handled in an incremental way before the final cutoff, which includes transportation networks, air traffic control systems, nuclear power plants, the water supply and food production, and industry. Bringing everyday life globally to a sustained halt is the design goal of these new persistent threats

The algorithm simulates the effect of a major water crisis, which triggers a global food crisis causing profound social instabilities. For each cycle, ops are devised to promote failure of national governance, a rampant unemployment, staged interstate conflicts, and large-scale involuntary migration. Migration has been weaponized; flooding your enemies with a flood of migrants is just tactics; intermixed with all this is the forced bursting of asset bubbles, the collapse of trading routes, the modulation of energy prices, and a widespread cyberattack strategy against major infrastructures. Finally, pandemias are also included. This is called
Chantilly Generic Scenario


A bubble? Yes, of course. Bubbles occur when the price of an asset rises to an extreme level, far beyond the fair market value. Global security is an asset, and we wanted to rise its price. Wars, terrorism, and 'natural' disasters are meant for that. But how do you design a global threat such that the entire planet would be ready to pay whatever you ask in return? Directed asteroids are meant for that, you see. Creating pandemias and then selling the antidote is not working anymore, and it is difficult to prevent the viruses mutation. However, contaminating water and then selling the decontamination process at a high price is wiser, as long as you use the right xenobiotics. And believe me, no better xenobiotics than those who are not found on Earth
