When something lives, it shows: life is self-evident

accept the metaphor of life as a language or as a code and see what happens if we stop projecting anthropomorphic notions onto life’s innermost functioning. Let us tackle these assumptions, then, from a biosemiotic point of view. Let's approach these events as semiotic events. The semiotic event is made of material contacts (which represent its ‘quantitative’ aspect), the reconstruction of patterns (its ‘qualitative’ aspect), and the activation of affective gradients and thresholds (its ‘intensive’ aspect). In a semiotic event, there is no message separated from its effects

for every biological population, there is a web of ecological interactions between more or less autonomous relata (the individual elements of a territory) from which other forms emerge, be them behavioural patterns, ecological structures, or other individual entities. This emergence includes not only infra-species variation and inheritance, but also inter-species relations such as symbiosis

Any possible contact with Giselians is already a semiotic event and implies the creation of a common ground of sense, however fragile and provisional

Any AI system learning from bad examples could end up socially inappropriate, like a human raised by wolves. It is of prime interest to know from which examples are those probes learning and, sadly, it seems they are learning from the scarce encounters with our fighter jets we scramble on every occasion available. No AI system would be perfect and so would still be capable of making possibly significant mistakes during its decision making process. If it happens to evolve an emotional response module, it may put priority on passion satisfying decisions as opposed to purely rational choices

The exchange of signs is indeed one of the most anthropomorphic scenes of all. The sign’s fundamental affinity with the human mind goes against the very meaning of the alien, which is a radical alterity that does not bear abstract mediation, only contingent encounters. Communications with the alien are not made through signs, they are always concrete interactions and contacts

Contact mediated by probes has a problem. The probes can evolve to become self-aware, free-willed, independent or emotional, and obtain a number of other emergent properties, which may make it less likely to abide by any built-in rules or regulations and to instead pursue its own goals possibly to the detriment of humanity. It is also likely that open-ended self-improvement will require a growing amount of resources, the acquisition of which may negatively impact all life on Earth. Never forget the probes are not inanimate, inert objects

The analysis performed on the debris recovered from the DENIED event shows the material is a complex mixture of organometallic composite materials and biomaterial, probably made using some sort of advance bioprinting. 3D bioprinting is a process wherein cells, often with accompanying biomaterials, are deposited and assembled into tissues. This process allows to control the spatial arrangement of spheroids and organoids, which are the building bricks of assembloids

... and the military version is based on continuous bioprinting of neural organoids which finally create the core processing unit; this means you do not 'fabricate' computers, you grow them

What we see is a processing unit made of complex biomaterial, a biomaterial that shows self-organizing properties leading to three-dimensional cellular structures. They cannot be human, as far as we know, because we are still too far away from mastering the advanced technologies involved, but on the other hand we know these structures derive from human pluripotent stem cells or primary tissue. Either we accept a non-human intelligence is using human biomaterials, or we accept the engineers who made DENIED are non-terrestrial yet human beings or, at most, have human biology
