logical truths do not have negations that we are able to understand. It is not that these propositions represent a content that we grasp and then reject as false; rather, we are simply unable to make sense of these propositions in a way which allows the question of their truth or falsity to arise in the first place

any model we erect to represent our experimental anomalies must somehow incorporate this proactive consciousness with both its objective and subjective capabilities, along with the informational characteristics of the physical world with which it is interacting. The only hope is to approach the modeling task at a very basic and rudimentary level

Incident DENIED is particularly interesting. PSV Akrij flying over DENIED was instructed to descend vectoring a position in which a civilian car was traveling. The usual procedure was followed: fast approach, descend to almst ground, hovering in front of the vehicle, 3 seconds of observation, and quick ascend to nominal altitude. The car is further pulled over by SV17q and the occupants of the car are questioned by DENIED at DENIED. Both occupants reported painful prickings that they described as electric shocks. They reported a violent air displacement, a battery dead, and that headlights burnt out. During the 3 seconds close rendezvous with PSV Akrij, the car's engine died and lights went off. We know these are all effects caused by the unfocused gamma radiation of the PSV Akrij e+e- thruster. But we don't understand how it was possible for the car to restart if, according to our tests, gamma radiation damage on circuitry is always permanent

the line that goes from the tribe to the nation-state is always grounded on the same basis: the need to defend the citizen-subjects from external threats. If we say that these objects are aliens, we must immediately add that they are also a threat. But if we say that we do not know how to counter that threat, we endanger the very concept of 'nation'. On the other hand, if we confess that these objects are actually ours, the public will want to put them under close scrutiny, something that we cannot allow precisely for national security reasons. That's the current situation right now

Reality is constituted only by the mutual interpenetration of consciousness with its environment; Reality is thus a flow of information in both directions. That is, consciousness may insert information into its environment as well as extract information from it. An altered consciousness will obviously insert altered information into Reality, much as an altered Reality will insert altered information into consciousness. Hence, you need to learn how to navigate both altered objects

These beings stand in an asymmetrical relation to what is possible, on the one hand, and to what is actual, on the other. The events that developed over Oregon skies are due to these beings in what concerns their being actual, but these beings are not responsible of what is possible. Sure their crafts can interact with ours, but this interaction is always constrained by what is possible, for these aliens, no matter how advanced you wish them to be, do not create what is possible

On day DENIED, HBAL546 balloon is launched from DENIED site, in the Lava Hot Springs area. N256TH balloon was flying at a calibrated altitude of 51,600 ft at 24 knots ground speed. PSV Graphium is flown following pre-programmed transect at an altitude of 40,000 feet. A civilian aircraft is detected flying at 37,025 feet (the target is identified as a Boeing 767-322). Ground speed is 516 knots. The civilian pilot reported later on to have seen 'a white speck', yet it reports no interference or damage to its navigation equipment. Nor did we detect any damage on the test balloon HBAL546 instrumentation that was used as a target in this specific drill session, despite the fact PSV Graphium hovered on top of the balloon for 9 seconds, as required by the test procedure

We were happy with the past situation in which we were denying the existence of UFOs because that allowed us to develop our paradigm-shifting vehicles and MilOrbs. Those were the days in which we deliberately made the public believe in UFOs so as to divert attention from our military developments, while at the same time justifying our indifference towards UFOs as they posed no defense threat. However, by deploying our PSVs and MilOrbs, and by using them in our current military operations, the number of unwanted sightings and interactions with civilians has increased dramatically, so now the public demands an explanation. We cannot anymore hold our traditional position. Either we come forward recognising these objects are ours, so they pose no threat to our citizens, or we take the position they are someone else's objects and do pose a threat. The first option is bad. The second one is worse

We need a
New Alien Order
, the sooner the better. Otherwise the weapons we are developing will turn into a threat for ourselves as they threaten to recreate the appearance that we have to do here with two different kinds of things, belonging to two distinct orders of impossibility: the merely impossible and the absolutely impossible. Our own UFOs must always remain merely impossible objects, while the Giselian ones must remain absolutely impossible. Let's stop using the Oregon-Nevada transect test range until we find out how to avoid unwanted observers, or otherwise let's restrict civilian air traffic there
