I think you don't quite understand how the Internet works. In today's Internet, you do 
not access information, it is information that does access you

UAE is a test-lab in which SV17q tests these new emerging technologies of social control. An example is the 
messaging app ToTok, popular in the United Arab Emirates, which is in fact a government spy tool, created for the benefit 
of UAE intelligence officials and used to track citizens’ conversations and movements. But that's only a trivial example 
of several of the technologies now deployed there

Infrasonic exposure has a well-documented adverse effect on human health based on the fact 
that the biological sensitivity of human beings is not parallel with the conscious audibility of air vibration. 
Most of the new technologies are based on the fact that consciously inaudible high-frequency sounds have 
a clear effect on the physiological state of listeners, specifically if they operate in a stressful
measurement environment itself

The so-called advanced fluorescent technology (AFT) was tested in Dermalase Clinic facility, where we exposed 
selected subjects to pulsed light in order to effect on them the desired effects. The facility passes as a clinic providing 
services related to treatment of skin pigmentation, broken capillaries, fine lines and wrinkles removal, and the treatment 
of rosacea. We exposed a total of 25 women once every 3 weeks for a total of 5 sessions. Two more clinics were set up 
in the US, Norway, Singapore, and one each in Norway, Czech Republic, Brazil, and South Korea

Unlike AFT, FRS is based on LED indoor lighting devices, which were deployed by SV17q in the New York subway. 
FRS exposure is accompanied by an intensification of the pleasure with which the sound is
perceived, and triggers the participation of the neuronal pathways in connection with reward-generating systems 
which effectively control various aspects of human behavior. SV17q also deployed FRS LED indoor lighting in specific 
facilities of several international airports. All the fixtures are designed to maximally expose people to FRS

Not all people use cell phones. However, all people is exposed to LED lighting radiation, especially those living in 
cities. Lighting fixtures are everywhere, thus they make the ideal carrier for these social control technologies

Surveillance is an unavoidable feature of everyday life, and it is a powerful means of creating and reinforcing long-term 
social differences. The next global step was transitioning from a fully monitored society to a 'programmable' society. It is 
not enough to control social behavior: we need to modify that behavior. That's where AFT, FRS, 5G, and all the other 
social control technologies fit in

If order depended only on technical means of blocking
infractions, rather than on legitimacy, how would people
behave if such technical means failed (e.g., in the case of
a power failure and a failure even of backup systems)? A social
order based primarily on technical fixes is likely to be as fragile
over time as one based primarily on overt repression

Surveillance today sorts people into categories,
assigning worth or risk, in ways that have real effects on their life-chances.
Deep discrimination occurs, thus making surveillance not merely a matter of
personal privacy but of social justice. The so-called digital divide is not merely
a matter of access to information. Information itself can be the means of
creating divisions. What happens to personal data is
a deeply serious question if that data in part actually constitutes who the
person is

We cannot accept social disrupting technologies because the existence of social structure is a necessary condition for any
human activity. Society provides the means, media, rules and resources for everything we do and, as such, it needs be 
monitored against any deviance from particular subjects and organizations. Once they are identified, we need to enforce 
a specific social behavior non-invasively. This is the key role these new social control technologies provide globally

IT-mediated surveillance was just the beginning. It relied on a gradually extending
intertwinement of individual physical characteristics with information systems. We have already reached 
that milestone, and are now entering a new stage, the stage of IT-enforced social behavior. The mayhem created 
by social media is still raw and primitive. The ideal scenario would be that of a COVID-driven social unrest, or an 
assault to the Capitol building, based on FRS mediated either by AFT or 5G technologies

Everybody knows that a wad of spit, a spot of blood, a semen stain, or a single hair is all that is
necessary to create a DNA fingerprint. But you need to know that DNA profiles can be extracted also 
from objects touched by a person’s hands, and this is how every passenger at Abu-Dhabi International Airport, 
among six other airports worldwide, was DNA-fingerprinted. ARS system was installed in the MetroCard turnstile 
reader and MetroCard Vending Machines, incorporating the same DNA-fingerprinting technology

You are where you live. That's the cornerstone of how we build cities, you know.  
We simply divide the landscape into discrete spaces occupied by homogeneous groups of households 
and individuals. And we surround the restricted areas not with walls or checkpoints: we do it by 
building small height bridges because a bus cannot pass under those bridges. We know poor people 
travel by bus, hence they cannot access the areas of the cities in which we build low-height bridges. 
We did that in the past, and we keep on doing it today

Access is either accepted or denied; identity is either confirmed or rejected; behavior is either
legitimate or illegitimate. If illegitimate, we force on the subject a change of behavior by exposing the 
subject to pulsed LED ligthting
