 can cover long distances within this very short period of time and observe many things. No wonder then, that he can be off to a distant beach and be back in a few seconds

 as he travels in what he considers his space, is actually moving through his own and other people's objective time either into the past or into the future

the dilation of subjective time occurs in higher states of consciousness such as the dream state, where we experience a large number of subjective events in a short period of objective time. It differs from the “flying” of time in that here we would “look up” from this activity to find that minutes had passed in what seemed like hours (rather than hours passing in what seemed like minutes)

when you as human beings dream, your unconscious thoughts and desires are transformed from literal into metaphorical or symbolic language; we watchers simply translate that language into the star-self realm

that's the most secretive room in the entire XViS lab. It was built having in mind that the increased powers of visualization in the dream state derive from the retiring of the life energy from the muscles, to be used by the brain. The subject enters a corridor, walks along the corridor while a withdrawal of energy into the spine and brain occurs, accompanied by a calming of the breath and a stilling of the body. When the walker reaches the end of the corridor, it enters the room in complete stillness. Once in the room the walker has become a dreamer that dreams the universe

You didn't notice, you had not to, anyway. Half the corridor was here, on Earth; the other half was on board the spaceship, or whatever the name the Giselians give to that place outside our Reality. When you entered that room, you were simply too far away from here. Maybe the corridor is a wormhole, maybe is just a way they have to distort space-time. We don't care, really. We long ago gave up understanding their technology, their logic, their feelings, their strategies. We simply gave up. We are just trying to experience the contact on their terms
