The global human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) market generated a 
revenue of $688 million in 2017 and is expected to reach $1,239 million 
by 2025, registering a CAGR of 7.6% from 2018 to 2025. Human chorionic 
gonadotropin (hCG) belongs to the family of gonadotropin hormones and is 
naturally produced by the placenta. hCG hormone plays a pivotal role 
after the formation of the embryo, and hence has gained significant 
traction over the years for the treatment of infertility in women and 
men. hCG triggers ovulation in women and assists in increasing the sperm 
count in men

We simply design genetically modified eggs that we have previously 
gathered from the mother, fertilize them with genetically modified sperm 
from our sperm bank, though we obviously make the father believe it is 
his own sperm that's being used, and finally place the embryo into the 
uterus of a gestational surrogate. Neither the mother, nor the father, 
nor the birth mother know what's going on. About 100 bioengineered 
babies are born each year this way. They are monitored all through their 
lifetimes without neither their parents nor them being aware

It may look horrible, but these experiments are required in order to 
answer the question of whether humans can successfully reproduce in 
space. You cannot start designing terminal space vessels or planning for 
future permanent colonization of Mars or the Moon if you don't know 
whether you can reproduce in those environments. That is why these 
experiments are being carried out today and will continue to be in the 
near future

The test-female did finally deliver, though you wouldn't call the baby 
a human baby at all... It was a living being till we terminate it. We 
recruit women in the surrogacy market, and if you think this means 
Cambodia, Honduras, Ukraine, or any African country you are wrong. There 
is a lot of surrogate mothers here at home and in most Western 
countries

Cyostorage of gametes for the crew is a must, in order to safeguard 
their ability to reproduce if so instructed. However, we first need to 
guarantee the child resulting from the reproductive program is a 
standard child, able to behave as you would expect a healthy standard 
human child to behave. But we are still far from that point. We simply 
have not yet succeeded in getting the fertilization stage to the end. 
All of the test-women die at some point along the process

Chorionic gonadotropin (CG) is a critical signal in establishing 
pregnancy in humans and some other primates, but this placentally 
expressed hormone has not been found in other mammalian orders

Most gestational surrogate programs are run by surrogacy agencies 
funded by DoD, something we keep secret for obvious reasons. Funding 
comes from the SEE project. The specifically-engineered entities, if 
found viable, are replaced by normal human babies at birth, and kept at 
DENIED for further research. Yes, we are in fact altering our species, but we do it under control

CRISPR-based human germline manipulation is inevitable. To start with, we need to alter 
our species if we wish to live on a changing planet which will eventually become inhabitable for humans 
as we know them; on the other hand, we need to overcome clear biological limitations in order to 
colonize planets with hostile environments. You either accept this as a fact or get ready to face extinction
