Theoretically, the brain constructs a conscious phenomenal world, with ourselves as part of that world, and it does so either while awake or in dreaming. The difference lies in the fact that when awake the simulation is constrained, in real time, by the real world, something that doesn't happen when dreaming

During an encounter you are exposed to a phenomenal world that the brain constructs; if they have the ability to directly tamper your brain, then whatever you see is whatever they want you to see, though still constrained by elements that do have a reality nobody can control. Under LSD, you see, say, an orange transforming into a dog, and for all purposes the dog looks real to you; but the real thing is the orange itself. Now, what we propose is to tweak surrounding objects the moment they start tweaking our brains and see how far they can go with their simulation

Survival requires us to take some modelings of the world as dead-seriously real, such that we have no choice about it controlling our behavior. We simply cannot allow you to step outside it and take it as merely a representation because then you might put your life at risk.
That's why we take measures to avoid you from stepping outside. The hologram has mechanisms that effectively block your being aware that you are inside a virtual world. If you die in the virtual world, you also die in the real world, unless the simulation is imperfect

Why so? Why do they create virtual worlds during an encounter? Because how you conduct yourself in those worlds and in your dreams reflects on your character, so that's the safest way they have to test whether or not you are a danger for them. In a virtual world they can study your reactions to different stimuli and gain a knowledge about your intent, your behavior, your responses. Only when they are satisfied you are worth of a direct contact they fade the virtual world and approach you. That's why

Once you get out of the Queltron, you feel as if you are in an unreal world, as if you were dreaming. Consciousness is not an all or nothing affair but varies along several dimensions, and one of those dimensions is your old familiar 'reality'. But, just like in moments of extreme stress such as a car accident the world can seem unreal or dreamlike to you, the same happens when you time travel
