It is not farfetched to suppose that there might be some possible technology which is such that virtually all sufficiently advanced civilizations eventually discover it and its discovery leads almost universally to existential disaster

Count yourself extremely lucky never to have been visited by them. They will do to you what you would, were you to be in their future. That's the future to come: famine, overpopulation, pandemias, global natural disasters, and an oppressing global government ruled by a couple of companies. That's the future they're escaping from

If we discovered the fossils of some very complex life form, such as of some vertebrate-like creature, we would have to conclude that the probability is very great that the bulk of the Great Filter is ahead of us. Such a discovery would be a crushing blow. It would be by far the worst news ever printed on a newspaper cover

Strategy? No, there's no strategy at all. Staying alive: that’s really what it’s all about, as far as avoiding the Sixth Mass Extinction goes. It’s time to get down to business and start building our future, and this requires to be able to identify the Great Filter, learn how it operates, learn about its weak points, and fight it

Our need to produce food has both direct and indirect effects on other species. The direct effect is to take that third of the planet’s icefree lands we use for food production out of play for other species. The melting of the ice caps is good news after all: it will make available for us more icefree land to grow plants and produce food

De-extinction works as follows: because DNA degrades so fast and there is no safe way to store it permanently, the only strategy is to mix it with some other species DNA. The portion of DNA stored is what you call 'junk DNA'. De-extinction is based on replicating as many as possible of those bits and pieces of their DNA from humans, arrange the pieces in the right order, fill in the missing pieces, and come out with viable non-human DNA back again. For them we are just that: the storage media. When they did that in the first place we don't know. When they'll come back to retrieve their DNA we don't know either

Posthumanism, postbiological civilizations, and all that shit related to consciousness uploading is a set of brutal, retarded, and psychopathic ideas we need to counter. There is no overpopulation and no famine: there is a criminal distribution of land and food on behalf of a few ones, the same ones that decide who should survive and who should perish. No wonder those who support posthumanism are the same who don't care about the thousands migrants dieing in the Mediterranean Sea. And by the way, those who fear an alien invasion are too the ones who fear migrants. If you dream of a future postbiological world that is because you were never human
