Authorities have issued a preliminary statement that the internet shutdown is being implemented 
to repel a cyber-attack on the country’s infrastructure

The goal was to inject code into the Zafar-1 OBC. Zafar-1 was the heaviest 
satellite Iran has attempted to launch and was termed a priority Alpha target 
as the satellite intended use was remote sensing and communications

PSV 'Presence' was parked at DENIED orbit as planned. However, on February, 9th,
2020 at around 15:57:25 UT, the Simorgh rocket suffered an unexpected 
failure which, according to SV17q, was not due to code injection by the 
MilOrbs. It seems that while lift-off was succesful, soon after the 
fairing separation around 15:52:08 UT the upper stage failed to reach 
the necessary speed to put the satellite into Sol-3 orbit

On that same day - 9 Feb 20 - two incidents were reported within an interval 
of an hour after the re-entry of the failed satellite and the Simorg upper stage 
to DENIED ships while underway in the eastbound lane of the Area of Denial 
promptly established by SV17q assets. Parts were lately recovered at taken on 
board DENIED ship, where an initial investigation into the seized parts 
was carried out

MilOrbs were re-assigned new targets in order to force a collision avoidance 
vector onto two civilian planes that happened to find themselves intersecting 
the falldown trajectory. Planes were identified as an Airbus A380-861, flying at a 
calibrated altitude of 39,004 ft, with track 131º, and a Boeing 777-2DZ(LR) flying 
at a calibrated altitude of 33,000 ft, track 127º, both of them belonging to 
Qatar Airways. Both planes went unaware during the entire operation under way

SV17q operation was authorized by DENIED to take advantage of the tensions 
between the United States and Iran at the time after a U.S. drone strike 
killed high-ranking Iranian general Qasem Soleimani in early January, 
which prompted Iran to retaliate with missile strikes on several sites in 
Iraq that housed American troops. Operation was termed timely given the 
mentioned scenario in the area at the time

As far as The Activity is concerned, we have already informed both 
U.S. and Iran that they should exercise caution when operating in overwater 
airspace within our established Area of Denial, which include the Persian Gulf
and the Gulf of Oman in OKAC, OEJD, OBBB, OMAE, and OOMM. The area is of 
SV17q direct interest and though we wish to keep a no-contact profile with 
DENIED, we will not allow any delay or interference in our current operations
