It is a high-power microwave weapon used as a ground-to-air, high-power jammer aimed at degrading AWACS detection range. The high speed of our new cruise missiles and the need for terminal evasion maneuvers required new electronics to be developed, and testing these missiles requires in turn maximum secrecy and a cover-up shield to avoid our enemies gaining any intelligence about our capabilities. You just see black flying triangles there where we are testing the entire system

The missiles will fly longer distances over land, with varied terrain features. Some regions in Central Asia are extremely rugged, and this all requires sophisticated mission planning systems; again, the speed at which these missiles fly is so high that any conventional guidance, navigation, and control system is useless

We do not target aircraft carriers, nor ground/air defense systems. We target entire cities, so you can imagine what these missiles carry in their warheads

The current doctrine is as follows: we use PSVs to implement strong electronic jamming and deceptive attack against the enemy air force bases; MilOrbs force the enemy air defense system to go into operations in advance so that we can get a precise idea of the tactical technical indices of the enemy air defense system. PSVs will also lead the attack against early warning radar systems and, once neutralized, conventional aviation force will penetrate the airspace. PSVs were built for just this reason

How you fight wars is based on the social, economic, political, and technical aspects of your society, hence weakening your society, messing around with your domestic politics, and compromising your technology is all your enemy needs to win war. Creating failing states in the Middle East is as easy as turning Sweden or Norway or any other country into a failed state. You just need flooding those countries with a constant flow of inmigrants, degrading their economies, introducing some 'natural' disasters, carrying staged false flag operations, supporting their far right parties, and the final result will be a failed State. People is the same everywhere: they panic, they easily hate, and they are always ready to fight against each other. If you think Afghanistan or Sweden or the United States are different to each other, it means you know nothing about humans

We have very precise models for climate change. We keep on insisting climate change is just an untested hypothesis because we need to hide from our enemies all the knowledge we have about how the Artic will be in the next 25 years. We know how rain patterns will be in the next 25 years, when will the ice cap finally melt, what geological resources are buried in the Artic, and where to find them. The Arctic geopolitical situation is changing rapidly and it is our will to take the best position there by when the war comes. The Artic will become a new hotbed of global activity because we know a large amount of the world’s undiscovered oil, natural gas, huge ore and rare-earth deposits lie there. So yes, forcing the collapse of the surrounding Artic states is one of our priorities. We know the Artic will be the Middle East of the future
