We learned a lot from the tests in California and Oregon, but we needed 
to still push our models a bit further. All in all, we can now create powerful, 
detailed and precise predictions of the dynamics of the modelled landscapes, 
and these predictions are used to elaborate our future geostrategic actions. 
It is essential for us to know how the landscape will look like in 2100, how the 
natural resources will be distributed, where the masses of water will be located, 
how desertification will shape our landscape, and what actions do we need 
to take today in order for those resources to be under our control tomorrow

The black market you refer to is a second class market, I mean, the one 
where you can sell and buy precursors for amphetamines production, 
government data bases like IDENT, SecureFlight, CODYS, advanced weapons, 
SCADA malware, zero-day exploits for 
critical systems, or even specific records of the DENIED overseas wiretapping 
data base. You name it. We use that market to fund our projects, but 
the market I am talking about is the purple market, in which one of the most 
sought commodities are Landscape Evolution Models

As we understand it, future climate change will influence the processes 
that shape our landscapes, hence knowing this influence is important to make
long term land use decisions. By
'land use'
I mean taking by force those 
territories where we expect to find water in the future

the team of analysts attached to SIGAD US-984XN reported they had intercepted 
communications concerning the interest by DENIED to buy Narus STA 6400 hardware 
from DENIED. The higher rank officer told the team to simply ignore that communication

... wondering whether the recent wildfires on US and Australia soil were 
all part of the future landscape prediction program as they all show exactly 
the same pattern and cadence as the FLPP demands for the test areas..

Knowledge is power, therefore it is considered to be a key asset, one that 
must be under control, organized, and monitored. Information technology 
plays an important role in knowledge sharing, hence we keep IT under tight 
control. However, the most sensible and vital asset is landscape. Future 
landscapes will rule the world much as current landscapes do today. That's why 
future landscape modelling is a highly supressed technology, one we don't 
allow to fall in the wrong hands
