You cannot obviously have a conscious subject, and then start removing one by one atoms till the subject ceases to be conscious in order to arrive at the minimum form of consciousness. In fact, what you do is just the opposite: you build a quantum system starting with one atom, and start adding atoms one by one till you get consciousness. This can be done with current layered quantum computers

The idea is that if mental states arise from partitions of neural states in such a way that statistical neural states are co-extensive with individual mental states, then the nature of mental processes should depend strongly on the kind of partition chosen. We start creating a neural network of just two neurons, and then incrment the layer with two neurons at a time. The partition is properly constructed so that mental states and observables show features that resemble quantum behavior, and hence consciousness, arriving at a quantum mind without quantum brain

The quantum behavior in a minimum mental system (MMS) is plagued with temporally nonlocalities, that is, is not sharply localized along the time axi. Instead, it appears to be stretched over an extended time interval, the so-called 'extended present'. Within this interval causal connections are ill-defined

The subjects tested were diagnosed with simultagnosia, also known as Balint’s syndrome. In this disorder, patients see only one object located at one ‘place’ in the visual field at a time. Outside of a few degrees of arc in the visual field, these patients see nothing. They seem to be receiving no information about objects. The subjects seem not to be conscious of even two objects in a single conscious state. These subjects are ideal for testing minimal forms of consciousness, and the behavior of scielons as consciousness quanta

At the core of a Denebian probe we postulate the existence of a scielon. It is the replicability of scielons what makes them interesting since once the replication process is initiated, it ends up with a fully conscious probe. For biological beings you need a brain to have consciousness, and building a physical body is a lengthy and slow process. But if you could store consciousness you could obviously dispose of the physical body. The scielon would allow you to even go further: you just need quanta of consciousness to start creating conscious entities
