These signals all have features that make us think they are beacons signalling the position 
of a particular spot on Sol-3 surface; however, we now believe they are really dead hand 
signal emitters, as to convey the message 'Sol-3 is still alive' - when detected -, or the opposite 
message, that is, 'Sol-3 does not exist anymore' - when no detection

There are several Internets out there. You really thought there is only one wolrd wide web? There 
are several of them, three of which are run by DENIED, one of them used to process all the 
dead hand signals in case the ETI Contact program is triggered; the other two have the goal 
to implement the self-destruction strategy in case all of our defenses are considered neutralized 
by the unsolicited visitors

See,  there is always a nonzero probability of a false alarm launch response, even if there is 
no crisis at all, even if contact proceeds as expected, and even if the post-contact requirements are 
met. And this nonzero probability is inherent to the Sol-3 self-destruction algorithm, an algorithm 
that can distinguish between a hostile global EMP event and a solar flare, but an algorithm designed to 
make no concessions to ETI visitation: they come, the planet goes. Simple as life, light as air

NC3 Farewell system is totally analogic; you can blow up the entire power grid, and the Farewell 
will be alive and kicking. That's the strong point of analogic supercomputing, and that's why self-destruction 
of Sol-3 is guaranteed in case unwanted ETI contact happens

In a post-attack dawn, we know the probabilistic structure of the noise, we know the attacking 
ETI will of necessity transmit positive entropy messages, and we know the technosphere is silenced, 
thus we know what's next: no more dawns, neither for us, nor for them

Consensual contact? Agreed contact with a non-terrestrial intelligence? No, that scenario is never 
considered. To start with, agreed by whom? Who decides to initiate contact? Every planet must be left on its 
own and planets' evolutionary course must be respected. If they want to destroy themselves, that is 
up to them; if they wish to explore the Universe, that's their choice. But if they wish to contact 
other intelligent beings the Great Filter is activated. Planets were set apart from each other 
for good reasons. Does this mean you cannot explore and get to know other planet's civilizations? No, 
it doesn't mean that. It means you have to learn how to study other civilizations without them being 
aware, without contacting them at all. Non-invasively. It means you have to become invisible, silent

In a typical seconds-out doomsday sequence, a PSV softly hover over a designated site in 
the Grand Canyon, where the ambient noise is considered to be representative
of very low level noise, possibly among the lowest in an open environment in air. 
Simultaneously, a second PSV positions itself at a designated site in mid ocean with  
 low shipping plus sea state 0, considered to be representative of the lowest noise in the
open ocean; finally, a third PSV is stationed underwater at an under-ice designated location. 
Those locations are collectively known as 'the Trinity'.  They process ambient noise for 
60 seconds using advanced DSP. If given conditions are not satisfied, they start the termination sequence. 
That's how the protocol goes

This is likely the most mysterious signal of them all. It was discovered while implementing 
data security protocols based on cosmic microwave background radiation power spectrum 
as a random bit generator for symmetric and asymmetric-key cryptography. LyAv marked 
a segment of the signal under analysis as an unknown anisotropy

The initial approach is to have two paradigm-shift vehicles flying, say 'Presence' and 'Akrij', 
and another two PSVs, say 'Graphium' and 'Tangent', patrolling the oceans depths. They gather 
data on well-known anthropogenic sources of ambient and ocean noise. The character of ambient noise
results both from the characteristics of the multitude of contributing sound sources and the 
ability of sound to propagate efficiently from one location to another. In a post-attack scenario 
we assume Sol-3's entire technosphere is silenced, hence the ambient noise changes radically leaving 
behind only natural sources of noise. That's what allows PSVs to infer something fatal occured 
that requires the initiation of the planet self-termination sequence
