and, what's even more significant, there exists also a rich documentation related to spontaneous, natural experiences of inner light, that is, experiences undergone by individuals without any ascetic or mystical preparation, and apparently even without religious interests

We know the mammalian circadian architecture is functional from birth, and this holds true for humans, too. This architecture continues to develop throughout the early postnatal period. Importantly, light is the most salient entraining signal for the circadian system, and thus early life experiences can profoundly affect the developing brain, influencing adult behavior, health, and disease. So yes, the immature circadian system may be particularly sensitive to circadian disruption. But light-mediated early brain programming therapy - LMEBPT - is extremely experimental for the time being. This is the reason why it was kept out of the DARPA Brain Initiative

Out? No way. ElectRx caused two patients to simply collapse down; HAPTIX proved biohacking adds a new security concern in connection with neural-interface microsystems; RAM (Restoring Active Memory) was applied to at least 3 individuals kept at Guantanamo, ending in they three turned into zombies. All three are DARPA projects, you see. On the other hand, LMEBPT is an XViS spin-off. We study how early lighting environment impacts on the maturation of the circadian system. The consequences of early light experience persist into adulthood and we wish to investigate how deep these consequences are. Light-mediated brain programming is a way to cast specific physiological and behavioral functions that are regulated by the circadian system

Officially, DARPA Neuro-FAST program seeks to enable unprecedented visualization and decoding of brain activity to better characterize and mitigate threats to the human brain, as well as facilitate development of brain-in-the loop systems to accelerate and improve functional behaviors. Extra-officially, it developed out of one of the XViS sub-programs having to do with direct brain-to-brain communication and direct mind-to-mind engagement. It only tangentially shares some common elements with the consensual dreaming projects run at DENIED. Anyway, the DARPA projects you are talking about are not classified, while XViS is classified as it belongs to the Joint Exobiological Defense Program
