Medtronic was approached by SV17q with the proposal for Medtronic to incorporate some unspecified modifications  to their miniaturized Micra pacemaker and neurostimulating spinal implant. The idea was to modify the devices in order to cause a controlled cardiac arrest that would low the heart beat rhythm in a specific way. SV17q was interested in the huge number of patients  bearing a Medtronic device. Part of the modification was aimed at gathering non-specified information on patients' biophysical parameters

SV17q agents stated that the proposal was to be reviewed from the technical point of view by a selected number of Medtronic employees  whose names were listed in a piece of paper they circulated during the meeting. They also warned us that in case we refused to cooperate,  they will take necessary measures of which they didn't comment

Medtronic is the world’s largest and most profitable corporation in the field of medical instrumentation. Their advanced pacemakers are  capable of connecting via wireless or Bluetooth technology to applications in mobile devices collecting medical information from millions of patients  all around the world. There are millions of people with a Medtronic device implanted. The new devices include, as per DENIED recommendation,  location services which keep implanted subjects under close monitoring and surveillance

Project ND-1642 tries to make near-death experiences more empirically accessible as to advance understanding into the psychology of death-related processes.  NDE is one of the states of consciousness that XViS tagged as key within the framework of Giselian contact strategies. We know XViS induced  NDE disposes us from having to recruit advanced meditators in order to assess real-time changes in neurological activity during NDEs.  Any subject with a Medtronic modified implant becomes now a strategic asset for SV17q

Meditronic modified devices allow us to induce specific NDE in the subjects. As soon as the subjects go through the NDE, they get a timeless perspective,  they are able to see scenes of the past and future including scenes relating to their own past and future, as well as scenes relating to this and other worlds,  and  encounters with non-worldly realms and beings. And that is exactly what we are interested in: our future, and what those other worlds look like and what impact they mean for our own world. The more people get implanted, the better our chances of success

 label on you and will use lethal force against you and your beloved ones. Right now you've been put on synthdream  medication. Let's start. The time now is DENIED year DENIED. Please, proceed
