dream recall in the XViS laboratory uses timed awakenings, reaching around 97% for REM sleep and about 80% for NREM sleep in test subjects. The protocol includes administering DENIED drug to the dreamer before the final awakening in order to avoid dream amnesia. This way we prevent dreams to be quickly forgotten and give us time enough to register dreams. For all purposes, during this last stage the dreamer still believes he is dreaming. Once the dreams are stored we proceed with the safely awakening of the subject

Look, even in REM sleep, the processing of environmental and peripheral stimuli is not completely blocked. You can stimulate the dreamer with sounds and he would integrate those sounds into a dream. XViS is a complex facility indeed in which we have managed to integrate external stimuli into the dreamer's dream, and we do this in a structured and organized way in order to sculpt the dream. We have now reached the point in which we can generate dreams, the subject being used as a mere dreamer. See, the dreamer dreams what we want him to dream. This is the basic idea behind the XViS advanced simulator for pilot training. This is the only way we have to play with those objects we recovered from DENIED, and the safest way to reverse engineer those objects

it called our attention the fact that the subject was able to minutely describe all the sensations of whole-body movements in his dreams. The subject was able to fully describe in a realistic way how he was piloting the craft, switching on and off the different panels and instruments in the cockpit, and so on. You know, the amazing thing here is that he was a subject with congenital paraplegia for 43 years

Tired Light 2 is certainly a spacecraft, full of strange objects we do not understand simply because our cognition map cannot and will never understand those objects. The entire ship is dreamy, and once you are inside the experience is totally dreamlike. It took us time to understand that what we were seeing is a craft designed by and for blind life-forms, you understand? Blind life-forms. Interacting with that environment must be made nonvisually, more specifically, spatially. Once we understood this we explored the possibility of using congenitally blind subjects for the research, and that's when interesting things started happening

Are you asking how far advanced they are? Well, let me put it this way: our entire civilization is based on computer data, data reported as basic binary on-off telemetry, you see, 1's and 0's. We are only recently developing systems using AI data presented as numbers, words, and images. That's where we are right now. Giselians make computations using dreams. See? That far advanced they are

Humans are visual creatures. Giselians are blind creatures. We humans owe everything we are to our eyes; our dreams are mostly visual, all of our computing architectures are visually-oriented, image processing is the core idea on which all of our technology is based. Now, the Universe is a dark place; tell me: who is better adapted to survive and explore a mostly dark Universe? We even consider blindness a handicap! No, really we are way far away from even understanding the simplest object their civilization produces

We only have Science to study them, but Science, in its most basic aspect, is a belief system. And you shouldn't use a belief system to draw objective conclusions about the world, unless you don't give a damn about Truth
