The pursuit of criminals requires secrecy —not information sharing. The committment to our war doctrine requires denial -not just secrecy

The Intelligence Community is a group of Executive Branch agencies and organizations that work separately and together to engage in intelligence activities that are necessary for the conduct of foreign relations and the protection of the national security of the United States

The entire community is a mess. We lack appropriate mechanisms for developing information sharing relationships among different agencies. Oftenly an agency has information which is key to a third one, without the latter even knowing the former one has that information; and there are agencies whose existence is ignored by other agencies. See, correlating and disambiguating large volumes of information in this situation is simply a nightmare. There is no way to easily and quickly search and access all information for which a user is authorized, not to talk that the authorization process is also a mess. So yes, some agencies know about the PSV and MilOrbs programs, others think those programs are still in the architectural design phase, while others simply know nothing about PSVs and MilOrbs. The acronym UAP is just used to refer to vehicles and platforms a given service cannot identify as theirs, which it doesn't mean they don't belong to another service. That's the current situation

There are 17 distinct known organizations within the US intelligence community, and some 3 or 4 whose existence is not known to those agencies. They are funded by classified budgets, and no one knows what the other agency does. Information sharing is clearly a weak point in our IC. But for what concerns our new advanced exotic weapons, this is exactly the situation we are happy with

On one occasion the flight test of the DENIED PSV over DENIED area resulted in two Drug Enforcement Administration assets destroyed simply because DEA didn't know what the hell they were seeing. The PSV activated its weapon system and downed the chasing airplanes. No matter whom they ask for an explanation, nobody recognised any involvement in the event

The IC has no reliable quantitative data about how frequently intelligence reports from major collection platforms are used and by which customers. Full stop

Testing of the PSV and other exotic platforms is never reported to other agencies, and certainly not the Navy, the Air Force or the Army. This is because of the nature of tests and the platforms. What we do is piggybacking on other services' drills, where we deploy our vehicles targeting a carrier or an air force base without them knowing anything about neither the vehicles nor us. That's the only way to fully test some of the capabilities of these vehicles. The risk is just a seaman reporting a sighting, a pilot having a mesmerizing encounter with one of our orbs, or a high commander asking questions he shouldn't ask

Admittedly, we are here talking about highly advanced weapons, a paradigm shifter, a game changer, and we decided to go for the most secretive of all possible policies: sharing nothing with nobody. This is critically important for us. So yes, those out of the loop are correct when they state these vehicles are not ours, and that they know nothing about them. That's how we want it to be. We suggested to open the door to the possibility they are of extraterrestrial origin in order to deviate any focus on our tests, and we back all efforts to help fabricate the UAP narrative

The report only collects the events derived from some of our tests. This is the first time we have been suggested to share bits of information. Look, the goal of sharing information has a long, murky, and complex history. Part of the problem has been an inconsistent implementation of policies stemming from different interpretations of what is legally allowed. And it happens there is no legal requirement for us to share information on our activities beyond our recognition that some of those events describe sightings of our PSVs and MilOrbs. That's as long as we can go
