and there is no difference between sorcery and witchcraft, and so-called 'modern' science, other than they operate under different paradigms; for a sufficiently advanced civilization modern science is just sorcery, the rudimentary efforts of a society to understand the world it lves on. For us, the technological display of an extraterrestrial visitor does not look like 'magic'. It looks like what it really is: advanced technology. But for the extraterrestrial visitor, our technology looks like what for us looks the Middle Ages knowledge: witchcraft, primitive knowledge based on superstition, and little more than that

There can be no neutral observation language. All observation terms are always theory laden and thus we cannot compare experimental results because in different paradigms terms describing experimental results have different meanings, even when the words are the same. Sure we are communicating with extraterrestrials using the kinetic mixing of particles using the Queltron machine, sure they react to our efforts. But there is no way we could ever understand each other unless we become the extraterrestrial themselves, or they become us humans themselves. The biological barrier is also a cognitive barrier, one you'll never overcome

Accept it: a scientist working within a given paradigm simply cannot transcend his own particular situation. Even if you succeed in capturing a crew member of an extraterrestrial spaceship, you will get little knowledge about his mindset. You would obtain valuable information about his biology, and no more. Perhaps this explains why they never contact scientists and why they prefer to contact kids in a school in Africa, or a shepherd in a remote village in Tajikistan

What Eleleth told Norea was basically this: that Imperishability exists above in the infinite aeons. Ultimately, because Wisdom desired to fashion a product alone, there came forth a shadow which became matter. From this matter the Demiurge took shape. This is what he said. Or maybe not, maybe this is just what Norea told us Eleleth said. The key words in Norea's account is not what she said Eleleth stated but rather those words he spoke out and Norea didn't tell us
