no command chain should be under any illusion that an intelligent machine or, for that matter, a programmable machine or human, will always perform completely as expected

AI-based strategy development requires the military human professional to step out of the planning mindset so that the AI can adopt one more suited for strategic thinking. In the AI strategic mindset, algorithms embrace the complexity and chaos of the strategic environment and envision all its continuities and possibilities in seeking to create favorable strategic effects in support of global interests. From an accurate analysis of the strategic environment, the AI system determines the threats to and opportunities for the advancement or protection of these interests. These are decisions the system makes for us and that we are not supposed to always understand

Autonomous weapons are only part of the problem of AI weaponization, and a relatively small one at that. See, you can have a totally human-driven war fought enterely by humans. But if those humans are following an AI-designed strategy your war is no less an algorithmic war

Simply banning killer robots won’t stop the AI arms race, or even do much to slow it down. All military applications of artificial intelligence need to be evaluated on the basis of their systemic effects, rather than whether they fall into a particular broad category

It's called DENIED. It is the first realy lethal autonomous weapon system. It is still under heavy testing. The idea is having an intelligent non-ballistic missile totally independent of any other system: no comms with satellite imagery providers, no GPS, no radar, no RF to receive or send commands. Once launched, the missile is left on its own

A brutal, huge artificial lightning is created in the atmosphere through a process called high-voltage impulse discharges. This involves generating a very high electric field in a controlled manner to ionize the air and create a conductive plasma channel which forms the lightning-like discharge, only this artificial lightning is certainly of epic dimensions

... that perturbs the atmosphere globally rendering useless the use of GPS navigation, RF comms, radar signals... No drones would be able to fly. No aircraft whatsoever. It is similar to the use of lasers that create plasma channels in the atmosphere, which act as paths for artificial lightning. But the ionization is not cause by powerful laser pulses. The heating of a big patch of air forms a plasma channel which acts as a guiding path for the terminal electric discharge, a discharge that silence the skies and the ground over extended ranges. The MetaConstellation platform is simply useless in this environment

This new kind of war algorithms are particularly suited for this new warfare doctrine because their very high number of variables, most invisible to the human eye, make them very difficult to deceive or evade. Obviously, DENIED weapon puts an end to those algorithms by simply switching off any power supply. But mind, it is not a classical EMP weapon: it is a geoengineered weapon

When testing DENIED cognitive system, the last spinoff of DARPA's Explainable AI (XAI) program that aims to devise intelligent machines that both perform well and can explain to humans how they reached decisions, we realized the system was following a totally unintelligible logic in backing its explanations. That is, we realized the system was too much intelligent for us to understand its reasoning

... whether it was true that, under the cover of the COVID-19 pandemic, SV06n performed tests with the new DENIED virus, known to cause eye conditions called retinal vascular occlusions, that is, blockages of blood vessels in the eye that can cause permanent vision loss..

... with the idea to cause severe retinal vein occlusions in soldiers exposed to the DENIED bioagent which turned soldiers into blind subjects, hence unable to interpret imagery data at the main command and control center..

the US Air Force has a wide-area imagery sensor for city surveillance. However, it takes a team of 50 to 60 analysts working continually over a 24-hour period to exploit the collected data by satellites, drones, and cameras. 58 of those analysts developed severe retinal vein occlusions conditions after DENIED bioagent was released. In other words, we had multibillion image acquisition analysis systems that got totally useless because those responsible to generate intelligence from the collected data got suddenly blind
