Earth time is not spaceship time. Earth history is not spaceship history. Earth time and ship time are different, but it is Earth
time we must be concerned with, because that is the time in which the project team is living. Yet, the project team will be speaking 
about a spaceship which has nothing to do with the one they once designed and commanded. In other words, once your spaceship 
reaches relativistic speeds it will become completey alien to you

The Pioneer spacecraft team that was present when the Pioneer spacecraft passed by
Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune or Uranus is no longer the group listening for the sporadic distant
signals being received from the Pioneer spacecraft

. All of eternity is laid out in a four-dimensional
 domain composed of time and three spatial dimensions. What is observed as the 
passage of time is actually that earlier states of the world are different from earlier 
states of the world we remember. A clock only measures duration between events; it does not measure the speed with which one moment 
succeeds another. The flow of time is subjective, not objective

We already have a sound knowledge of space propulsion physics, and we are already at a position to build 
such advanced quasi-stellar engines using current technology. Yet, it is not propulsion 
theory but a new navigation theory what becomes indispensable for galaxy
 exploration. The practical interstellar exploration must combine a space drive propulsion
 theory with a hyper-space navigation theory. Getting a spaceship to travel at light speed is currently not the problem: 
the problem is how to navigate that spaceship

We leave the development of advanced propulsion technologies to space agencies and the industry; we are not interested in galaxy 
exploration. For us, the key thing is obtaining impossible maneuvers, impossible speeds, and the capability to stop 
the vehicle in mid air here on Earth. We are not interested in exoplanets or alien civilizations, you see. Our concern 
are the Russians, the Chinese, the Iranians. We pushed technology beyond limits to build MilOrbs and PSVs, not interstellar 
spaceships

There is no technology transfer possible at all. Picture this: the public is interested in firing high energy
particle beams at small fusionable pellets that will implode and be magnetically channeled out the nozzle in order 
to have a feasible propulsion engine, while we are interested in firing high energy particle beams at nuclear silos 
to cause an in situ detonation of thermonuclear missiles and ICBMs. Only when the general public and the military share 
the same goal does technology transfer work, but at the moment we don't share the same goals, I'm afraid. So no, you 
won't see a transfer of our gravity switch-off system, and you won't see any of our enabling technologies being used 
in civilian applications. Not in the short term

Contact is a complex process. Traversing to the other Universe requires the cooperation of a lot of 
different civilizations in remote planets separated by vast distances and with radically different biologies and 
technological capabilities. Sharing one and the same goal - the will to transcend this Universe - is the key. 
For an hypercivilization space exploration is not a requirement; discovering and exploring other Universes is their 
driving force. Look, a Type-0 civilization aims at exploring its moons; a Type-1 civilization aims at exploring its 
star system; a Type-2 civilization aims at exploring its galaxy; for Type-3 civilizations, exploring other galaxies is 
what drives their civilization, but for a Type-4 civilization it is exploring other Universes their main motivation. 
I am sure there is still a Type-5 civilization, those who create universes
