In order to be able to to look at things you have to give up eating them; but capitalism eats everything, even the future, in particular your future

Carefully chosen set of world policies designed to stop population growth and stabilize material consumption could avoid collapse, and it is our view that population control is a decision we should adopt today, in particular when we all agree that climate change, rate of biodiversity loss, and changes to the global nitrogen cycle are already a lost cause: there's nothing we can do to revert those parameters back to safe levels. Therefore, stabilizing the global population is, and will remain, necessary

The extreme predictability of certain conditions in the environments of parasites has resulted, over the course of evolution, in the fixation of adaptive behaviors in parasitic species, such as humans, that enable them to reach the appropriate habitats in their hosts. In our analysis, humans' hosts are both other humans, and Sol-3 itself. We conclude that humans, as parasites, make the same decisions that every animal makes regarding food acquisition, shelter, and reproduction, and in their predictable environment, many of these decisions are also fixed

The remedies for Earth's newly diagnosed degenerative disease are not only global; they are also behavioral. And the need to manage human impacts on the global commons will now literally require hundreds of millions of people, not just rooms full of experts and political leaders, to do something or to stop doing something

You are entering a terminal stage in which your inherited wisdom about ownership and property rights and national sovereignty simply does not apply. The make up of the global economy is the entire planet, and the entire planet cannot by its nature be bought and sold, given or received, yielded up, seized, or appropriated. It has to be shared. Either you learn how to give up your stupid ideas about property and ownership or you are all doomed

Face it: your marvels of space satellites have not narrowed the gap between rich and poor. They mostly enable the affluent to work with each other more efficiently and prepare for more efficient sky-based killing fields

No, the problem is not a geoengineering problem, and no, the problem is not just about demography. The problem is to manage human behavior in the global commons, and this is where we were expecting you to find new forms of international cooperation. You failed. You just keep doing the same things that have led you to where you stand now. You are a parasitic species with a parasitic mindset. Remember this: you'll all die before Caltech is 200 years old

Now the future is coming towards us. It has turned around and is advancing against bodies and things like a freight train that we cannot stop. It faces us; it does not give us a break; it does not let us rest

It is a time of insatiable voracity, and nothing can stand for too long. The system depends, for its subsistence, on the total recycling of all that exists. And the fact is that things, submerged in the unhinged mercantile speed, are not really things but mere fetishized entelechies that slide into our hands without our being able to grasp them;
things
(which are hardly such) never become human things, because they are discarded before they become part of a human world. It is a cycle of infinite renewal, of total expiration, in which everything is born with the vocation to die and be consumed, in which everything moves and nothing is; it is an experience of liquefaction

The Internet came too late for what it could possibly have become, and the AI has come too much late. The tangible consumer culture won out over competing contenders for the future of humankind, so the Internet could not expect much more from people than what the people had made the new media system into: a virtual shopping center accessible at all times and places, with a few niches consigned to social creativity and political education, niches that, surrounded by advertising and subject to the laws of the attention economy, ultimately serve as supply chains for the neoliberal social model. Same holds for the AI: it has become just a tool for people to think they are creating music, art, or even make them believe they are high-level programmers

Stop wasting your time believing the stupid fantasy that social interactions within digital networks might help us overcome poverty, the alienation of labor, loneliness, or global warming. Keep doing what you've told to: play your videogames, bomb this or that city with your fancy drones, buy some ringtones, some ridiculous and expensive clothing, watch football, amateur porn, and cat videos. And if you still feel depressed, let the AI makes you feel as the fucking best rapper in town, or as the most creative artist, or whatever your childish dreams happen to be. You are free, as in 'free-market'. That's as far as your freedom goes

Changing the world might be hard, but it is not necessarily complicated. You just need to change people's minds, and the market knows how to do it because, in the end, your detailed understanding of social life is just a byproduct of the market’s infiltration of your bodies and minds
