This class contains anomalous sources which have both high and low frequency activity that appear to be unrelated with each other. The occurrence of this category of objects is from 20% to 30%

The source radiation passes through many irregularity patterns, but we expect to find a statistical behaviour in agreement with DENIED theory about the origin of these objects. For what concerns object UAP-455997, we've measured positional parameters and are convinced that part or even all of the measured acceleration maybe due to bending of the jet away from the line of sight of the sounding probe. This would produce an apparent acceleration while the intrinsic velocity remains constant

Object UAP-778092 is extremely interesting for us. Its mapping was done with three PSVs that happened to be in the area. Optical sensors resolution was however poor and structural details of the UAP cnnot be seen. The UAP was observed for 12 minutes on DENIED by DENIED systems. Observations consisted of full tracks using at least 5 DOLYN stations and two PSVs. Data shows the UAP to be basically two smaller objects

Estimates of parameters for various emission mechanisms of UAPs have not provided encouraging results. When stationary, these objects emit radiation in the DENIED to DENIED frequency bands. It is an emission that persists even when the objects are no more optically visible

It is clear from team discussions that no firm conclusion concerning the structures and even the physical parameters of UAP-455997 can be drawn from the computation of DENIED propulsion models alone. These models take into account different observed kinematics from seven interesting encounters, including rotation, radial outflow and inflow, positional data, acceleration, and so on. But this is not enough. We have required many times SV17q to allow us to examine the objects DENIED and DENIED retrieved by DART in order to inform our models and draw better conclusions, but it is increasingly frustrating the non-cooperative attitude shown by SV17q in this respect

SV17q report states that there is no reason to challenge the current view that UAP is just an atmospheric phenomena similar to Bütschli droplets observed in liquids. At the core of the comparison lies the concept of formation and behavior. Bütschli droplets are formed through the process of coalescence, where smaller droplets merge to create larger, more stable structures. This process is influenced by various factors, including surface tension, viscosity, and the surrounding environment. Similarly, UAPs are often reported as exhibiting behaviors that suggest a form of dynamic interaction with their environment. UAPs are commonly descibed as changing shape, merging, or splitting apart, which is reminiscent of the fluid dynamics observed in the formation of Bütschli droplets

Another point of similarity lies in the elusive nature of both phenomena. Bütschli droplets, while observable under the right conditions, often remain hidden from view until specific environmental factors reveal them. This parallels the nature of UAPs, which are frequently elusive and difficult to capture or study. Many UAP sightings occur under conditions that make them challenging to observe, such as at night or in adverse weather. SV17q points out the UAP detected in planet Venus atmosphere as a proof that terrestrial UAP are just atmospheric fully explanaible phenomena that follow a Bütschli dynamics

UAP DENIED is a merger, that is, an object that forms from the merging of other smaller objects. Not all UAPs are mergers; in fact, the majority of them are what we call 'liners'. There is a third category, called 'Catalina Island MilOrbs' that includes all of our own orbs, except those operated by SV17q. Our study only focuses on mergers right now. These are complex multi-channel events of interest.
The hypothesis that UAPs are merely plasma balls, albeit a special type in that those plasma balls follow a Bütschli dynamics, ultimately fails to account for the diverse range of characteristics and behaviors associated with these phenomena. The structured appearance, complex maneuvers, physical properties, and corroborating evidence from our research make us conclude that, after discounting events we know are not Mil-orbs and events we know are atmospheric phenomena, there are still 2% of cases we cannot explain. If we discount cases where UAP follow Bütschli dynamics, there are only two cases left: the Atacama and Yulara events

SV17q's refusal to authorize access to the DENIED and DENIED objects recovered in the Atacama and Yulara events is based on the fact that in both events there were no UAPs involved, only two extraterrestrial probes, and that our objective was, and is, to analyze provided data a propose potential conclusions about the nature of the UAP. SV17q is not interested in UAP because for them UAP are poorly understood light phenomena of environmental origin. They are only interested in artificial intelligent non-terrestrial objects

The atmosphere of Venus is a unique and extreme environment that has led to the observation of several aerial phenomena that are not typically found on Earth. These phenomena arise from the planet's dense atmosphere, high temperatures, and unique chemical composition. But I agree you don't need to refer to Venus light phenomena to conclude terrestrial UAP are natural phenomena. Lunar transient phenomena (LTP), for example, are brief and often unexplained flashes of light or other visual phenomena observed on the surface of the Moon, and they too behave like Bütschli droplets

Any scientist should be skeptical of any conclusion based solely upon the existing observational data base of UAP reports. Most of them are anecdotal, not independently verified, and involve no permanently recorded signal that did not pass through the human visual cortex. Many of the observers are not professional, and some are not even very experienced. Undoubtably some, many, perhaps most of these reports are spurious. Misidentification remains a common problem in complex operating environments. Additionally, we do have Mil-Orbs and exotic platforms of which only a selected military group knows about. To this end, I support SV17q view that we should only focus on objects recovered, and not on those actually flying. Elevating UAP to the public national security agenda distracts from the importance of communication and coordination in joint force or interagency operating environments

See? The problem is that paradigm-shifting vehicles like Presence, Sienna, Graphium, or Pamela, are an interagency program, while Mil-Orbs are just a one-agency program. This decision created the UAP problem

I want to make clear that, in accordance with the 2024 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA), we are to provide NARA with all the information about UAP from the federal agencies involved in the process, but I also have to remind you all what the purpose of such an action is. The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) has been established in order to concentrate U.S. government’s efforts to address Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP) using a rigorous scientific framework and a data-driven approach. So far, so good. But we must not forget what is essentially our objective. Our objective is to collect all available information on UAP in order to obtain accurate data on our hostile object detection capabilities, to have solid data on the capabilities of our defense systems, to use that data to make improvements to our advanced ISR systems and platforms, to use those observations to improve the performance of our Mil-Orbs and PSV platforms in terms of their ability to penetrate enemy airspace, and finally to test the mechanism of interaction between the various intelligence departments. For all of this to work, it must be clear that those who study UAPs must not know that they are ours. Otherwise our mission would be meaningless

It's clear that no reliable military exercise would exist if the forces involved knew they were in a military exercise. That's something we can all agree on. But we're still concerned that we're putting the lives of the sailors and pilots at considerable risk if, in their ignorance, they make wrong decisions in the belief that they are really dealing with an extraterrestrial intelligent phenomenon. Reducing that risk is a priority

The idea of being transparent about budgets doesn't apply to programs that aren't included in any budget. And it's not really the job of a civilian president who changes every four years to know about military programs that make sure there's a nation to govern
