how can consciousness arise in the brain, which is a purely physical object? To the best of our current knowledge there is no thing, no indivisible entity, that is 'us', neither in the brain nor in some metaphysical realm beyond this world

They embraced the idea of using DIPT in order to induce the Cotard’s syndrome in targeted subjects; the belief was that if you get someone to believe he is dead, you won't need to actually kill that someone. SV17q tested variants of diisopropyl tryptamine on some prisoners. They administered them with 250 mg, orally, and they succeeded in making them believe they were already dead, such that whatever information they gave couldn't put their lives at risk anyway

Consciousness is an evolving biological phenomenon, a recent phenomenon perhaps only a few million years old. Its purpose is to create inwardness, a process by virtue of which life process becomes aware of itself. Now, what's the evolutionary advantage of being aware of ourselves? Reality is just an ocean of electromagnetic radiation, a raging mixture of different wavelengths most of which are invisible to you and can never become part of your conscious model of reality. You don't even need to experience any Reality at all; you could dream of one, or you can even hallucinate one. You wouldn't tell the difference. And that's exactly what worries us, that we cannot tell the difference between an XViS-generated reality and Reality itself

what actually happens at the moment you fully lose contact with your present surroundings, say, in a manifest daydream? You are suddenly somewhere else. Another lived Now emerges in your mind. Now-ness is an essential feature of consciousness

If the system in which these models are constructed is constitutionally unable to recognize both the worldmodel and the current psychological moment, the experience of the present, as a model, as only an internal construction, then the system will of necessity generate a reality tunnel

Clearly, if Lucy lose herself in daydreams while walking along Laetoli, sooner or later another animal will come along and eat her. Therefore, she needed a mechanism that reliably shows her the difference between the one real world and the many possible ones

We built upon Olaf Blanke's research. His team was doing clinical work at the Laboratory of Presurgical Epilepsy Evaluation of the University Hospital of Geneva, and they were able to repeatedly induced OBEs and similar experiences by electrically stimulating the brain of a patient with drug-resistant epilepsy. XViS can produce the same results without a need to electrostimulate the brain: we do it using monotonous rhythmic luminous suggestions that impringe directly on the patient's pupils of the eye. For us, the eye is the entry point. If the patient wears the CasDis Implant the OBE we produce is virtually perfect

 can be causally controlled by multisensory conflict alone. This makes us think that the radiation from the UFO causes a multisensory conflict in our brains that triggers an unwanted OBE situation in us. I don't think this is intended. I mean, there is no point in they contacting us through an out-of-the-body experience, and I feel this is just an unwanted result of whatever technology they use to manifest to us. However, we've learnt a lot from these contacts because now we are in a position to create a conflict between sight and touch and trigger OBE episodes at will

Sure, alpha-methyl tryptamine and DIPT will sooner or later become part of our contact protocol. We need our brains to be neurochemically modified if we wish to contact them. You thought contact was an easy thing? It's not. Never was
