Of course it is intelligent, but in a manner very different from that of humans..

technology in its deepest sense is all about amplification - doing more with less

We knew once a computer becomes creative, it would do things quite differently from humans. LyAv can create mathematical theorems that our brain cannot make sense of. The supercomputer has mathematical abilities so that it can answer efficiently questions that we ask, but its efficient way of thinking has no structural basis recognizable by humans

The mission to Alpha Centauri was mainly based on one assumption, the assumption that a culturally and politically unified world would have fewer motivations for conflict and would therefore likely to be a more peaceful place. It was conceived as an ambitious programme of space exploration ideally and uniquely suited to satisfying socially desirable objectives. We envisaged the mission to Alpha Centauri as a means to helping to prevent the stagnation of culture, in the belief that the expansion of humanity into interstellar space would open up opportunities for the diversification of culture

Society as a super-organism is mostly shaped by the interactions among all the agents in the network, and much less by the particular characteristics of individual agents. This, at least, was the accepted view. Among those agents in the network were a supercomputer, and therefore the starship was a network of human and non-human intelligences. For us at mission control we never knew if we were communicating with humans crew or with the supercomputer on-board. To all effects, our starship became a sort of post biological system where the distinctions between the natural and the artificial was blurred

Natural evolution persistently selects those organisms that operate the best models. This means that in a profound manner, evolution selects for intelligence. Moreover, the evolution of nervous systems and brains can be understood as strategies to achieve more accurate and faster adapting models of complex, fast changing environments compared to what mere genetic modification can achieve

Intelligence requires a changing environment. Where is the changing environment within a spaceship cruising towards another star system? Nowhere. The interstellar medium does not provide a changing environment. This produces boredom on the crew, and caused and stagnation in the supercomputer ability to learn new things. Whether this caused the major malfunction of the supercomputer is something still to prove. You see, the coupling of any sociotechnological system with its environment is highly complex and exhibits a variety of nonlinear effects. The result of this is that the system becomes less stable and much less predictable

It may feel natural and harmless to design objects as if they can hear, see, feel, and interact with us socially. But the illusion created by these metaphors may actually be harmful

From a societal analysis perspective, the spacecraft was just a network of so-called worldviewers, a heterogeneous network of agents such as humans, technological artifacts with diverse degrees of autonomy, intelligence and expertise, organizations combining both humans and artifacts and our most advanced AI. These diverse agents pursued a life style befitting the unique worldview they hold. Worldviewers can of course partially overlap or be in conflict with each other

Co-evolution and sharing is not a requirement but rather an option for worldviewers that may wish to engage and cooperate, but in a confined habitat, be it a spaceship or a rocky planet, survival is the ultimate driving force, hence we expected sharing and altruistic behavior to be the preferred option
