Obviously, the danger is not that the capacity to escape your solar system arrives well after the capacity to destroy your own planet. The danger is being unable to learn how to escape from yourself, for if you move to another planet along with your ego and belief system - the same belief system that ultimately caused the destruction of your home planet - you are cursed to repeat time and again the same mistakes

any life form is worthy of decent treatment; but if you don't know what is and what is not 'decent' for a specific life form, it is better to be neutral, even if they kill themselves

... we have noticed humans hunger for more and more energy; they flock to cities, which is where most of them live and where energy use is the highest. Despite the fact they know how to use their sun's energy, they don't exploit this knowledge. As a consequence, the procedure to destroy them should not be based on disrupting and blocking the energy flow from their sun to their planet. In our view, it would be a wiser strategy to contribute to Sol-3 environment degradation. Turning their home planet into a biounfriendly planet is the strategy we propose

Galactic civilizations don’t survive long after achieving technical capability to intercommunicate. Only those advanced life-forms anywhere in the Universe that wisely, and quickly, adopt the energy of their parent star probably survive, and those that don’t, don’t

only after searching for perhaps a thousand years and still not having detected anything might the observed silence be significant

We need a paradigm shift; we shouldn't be interested in contacting ETI as much as learning how the search itself might identify ways that our own civilization on Earth could benefit. In fact, the search itself could teach you more than a direct contact with any extraterrestrial intelligence

The refusal to make contact contains a 'message' your civilization needs to learn: that evolution is all about winners and losers. You are a technologically sentient civilization. That's not enough. You are an inept civilization not because you ignore how to optimally manage your global energy budgets, but because you degrade your own environment. That's why you are a culturally loser civilization

Null or Negative Effects of ETI Contact in the Next Millennium

Why the Singularity Cannot Happen
