The informational-theoretical death is the moment in time when information about the personality is irreversibly destroyed. However, any I-civilization knows that no information can be permanently destroyed as the same information may appear again in sufficiently large universe. The problem for the I-civilization is that its universe is not sufficiently large to recover the information once destroyed. Only a K-civilization can do it, at a horrible cost, though

Resurrection depends on the sameness of the person. But we are not interested in the identity of the resurrected person; we are interested in the informational identity, that is, is the measure of similarity between two minds. Minds of the I-civilization, once resurrected in the K-civilization, will be sufficiently similar as to accept they have been resurrected

It exists without a body and has all features of the dead human being, including appearance, memory, behavior, and emotions. It is also immortal, provided we force it to forget any previous life before entering into a new body. This process is how beings are created by an E-civilization

This is what we call
the lover's dilemma
: a lover would like to see exactly his beloved, and would not just accept a beloved who looks exactly like his own

The separation between a D-civilization, an I-civilization, a K-civilization, and an E-civilization is a strict one. By definition, the difference between me and my absolute informational copy cannot be measured by neither D, I, and K civilizations. Only beings from the E-civilization can tell the difference. Recall that the growth of entropy in the universe means that no information is lost, it just becomes impossible to decipher

The task of resurrection is the task of correctly retrieving information about the human mind. The size of this dataset, and what should be included in it, is not currently obvious. We estimate the size of conscious human memory to be around 2.5 GB, and most of it is pure garbage, so the unique personal identity core information could be rather small, on the order of several megabytes. Therefore, it is not a problem to store all human minds that have ever existed into a small cube of DENIED and keep it stored safely

The only thing we need from the past is information, and sending a nanorobot or an Eleleth-type probe to the past is a method intended for information collection. That's the only purpose. Norea-type encounters is what we need to prevent for the nanorobot approach to work

According to the superintelligence, the kedeth was like a huge honeycomb, only in each cell there was one of those translucent cubes. In each cube was stored the information of the minds of all the beings of a civilization. The honeycomb was a megastructure placed in the center of The Void. There was a replica of the kedeth, located in the he Boomerang Nebula, exposed to an ultra cold outflow and kept at –273.15 degrees Celsius

big data” in the past, there will be some time before which such a resurrection simulation is insufficient
