The human body is not limited by the skin but extends far beyond its physical boundaries. This knowledge is hidden from you because, otherwise,  you would behave irrationally and would take unnecessary risks. To ignore  whether there is or not an afterlife has the purpose of increasing surviavility  of the species; actually, ignoring this is not the only life accessible to  you is an evolutionary advantage. Only in extreme situations will we allow you to  have a glimpse of the afterlife, Norea

We now have advanced resuscitation techniques that enable people to survive brief periods of clinical death, while allowing us to gather essential data about the so-called 'transit period'.  We now have a vast amount of data to undertake the study of the neurophysiological responses of individuals to near-death experiences, and we can design NDE scenarios to  test our theories

more recent techniques involve remembering having had an experience that did not register in consciousness at the time that the events represented in the experience occurred. In  oneirostasis this is key to have the crew in stasis during extended periods of time in  which they are briefed about the specific mission they are expected to perform once they be  reanimated. Oneirostasis is basicaly a technology that takes the subject to a deep-sleep state  in which synthetic dreams are then injected

Look at the sea over there, Norea. Now, sincerity and conviction are not themselves reasons to believe anything. At most, they are signals that the reasons to follow are worth taking seriously. Do you see the waves?  Can you feel the smell when the waves break? However, Norea, there is no sea at all. The merits of a conclusion depend, ultimately, on the evidence marshaled in support of it, and if you trust just your senses you will see, and smell, and feel an ocean there  where there is no ocean at all, Norea

‘Out-of-the-Body’ Experience

Different Kinds of Near-Death 
Experience: A Report on a Survey of Near-Death Experiences in Germany
