They are looking for patterns based on human definitions, searching for human-like footprints, and approaching the entire subject from the perspective of human culture and civilization. That's why they fail

All these years of study and analysis of Tired Light II, all the thorough investigation of Cassini Diskus and the Giselian beacons, have served to detect a specified complexity, and while this does not prove design beyond all possibility of doubt, it does prove design beyond all reasonable doubt

You do not study lichen colonies using sociology; you don't approach jelly fishes using psycology, and you do not study particle physics using the tools of market research. That's what they do with non-terrestrial intelligences: trying to understand them using the wrong tools

A shrimp can never understand a human mind, much as a human mind will never understand a non-human intelligence. If they really and truly wish to understand what's going on, they will need to face the truth: only an AI can give you some hint about the nature of the phenomenon. And your AI is still in its infancy

A Type-0 civilization will never be able to even notice the presence of an advanced civilization, so forget about even trying to understand their nature

UFOs are that what came up by accident but appears to be designed, namely, it is a designoid. The casual interaction of several designoids produces the appearance of a system at work, though in reality what you face is just a systemmoid, a hyperobject that looks and feels like an artificial system, though is not. That's exactly what the so-called alien phenomenon is all about

The intriguing thing is that when we analyze the myriad, disparate signals having to do with the phenomenon with our algorithms, we discover signs of purpose. The algorithms points to an intelligent causation by detecting what chance and natural law alone are extremely hard-pressed to produce; they compute the specified complexity or the complex specified information. Once we begin analyzing an uncorrelated target we try to find out where there is a law explain it, whether chance explain it, or whether design explain it. That's how we proceed with all reported and witnessed UFO events

The phenomenon is a constellation of highly bizarre events that are not causally related to each other. These are objects or entities that appear to have been designed but, in reality, are not. The relationships between them are only casual and thus form diffuse networks that are only apparently so. The end result is a systemmoid, a hyper-structure that interacts with us in such a way that any effort to understand it using scientific methods fails

It is not an event surrounded by a high oneiric component but, rather, the opposite: a purely oneiric structure that only tangentially interacts paraphysically with our reality

The signal on the radar was real, and the measurements recorded by the sensors were real as well. The object, to all intents and purposes, was there, visible, measurable, characterizable. But when we sent the fighters to meet the object, the closer they got to it, the fainter the signals became, until they finally faded away
