techno-economic” knowledge, even though we are confronted with complexity everywhere we look

What we call nature is a pulsating, self-assembling web of interactions, which emerges and persists in a state of sustained excitation, creating, organizing, and regulating itself as a whole

We develop artificial humans, biogeminoids as we call them, used to improve our understanding of humans through psychological and cognitive tests conducted using these artificial humans. There is a risk, though. See, we need a model of our particular way of being embedded and embodied such that what we experience is significant for us in the particular way that it is. That is, we had to incorporate in our biogeminoids a model of a body very much like ours with our needs, desires, pleasures, pains, ways of moving, cultural background, etc. In other words, to learn about us we need to replicate us, but in so doing we inevitably introduce bias

The needs of all living beings can be reduced to their essential function, which is to stay alive and healthy. This is only possible if the instability or excited state that forms the basis of its structural identity is maintained, and the influences of erosion that constantly act upon it are deterred. But for this to be possible all living beings learned a new function: to reproduce. Under-reproduction is a death sentence for any species, much as over-reproduction is. This is the universal problem that all organisms face and there is no way around it

In this game, nature is not only the source of order but also that of chaos. On the one hand, nature gives life; on the other hand, nature takes it. The fluctuations of temperature, rain, radiation, pathogens, predators, etc., are erosive forces that constantly challenge a being’s integrity. There are cataclysms, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, floods, epidemics, and wildfires. Beings must constantly shield themselves from these whimsy moods of nature so as to resist disintegration. Life is just a game, but not a game of survival, but one of co-existence

We never seed a planet with different kind of hominins because fundamental human needs are the same in all cultures and all historical periods. What changes, both over time and through cultures, is the way or the means by which the needs are satisfied. Thus, we prefer to play the game with just one and the same human species

The game is really interesting because it is essential to understand that adult human beings in the pursuit of the satisfaction of their needs in the web of life are not alone in their endeavors but are part of a collective, a culture. That is how they are designed. Like an intermediary, this cultural matrix stands in between the individual and the biosphere and shapes them. You can change the biosphere for each new game, but the culture your humans are embedded in comes with its own unique history that provides an individual with a set of beliefs, ideals, techniques, tools, habits, and so forth, and also with useless baggage, which, to a great extent, define how the individual meets his needs. The important thing is that the way your humans see the world shapes the way they treat it

Biosystems, that is, life forms, have their capabilities embodied; birds have wings to fly, spiders weave their webs, extruding them from their bodies, and so on. For the most part, they all have those capabilities they need to survive within their bodies, except the human being, whose major capabilities are exosomatic, namely, they exist outside (exo) of the body (soma)

A human alone is a disappointment; he is really no human at all. The human can no longer sustain himself but fully depends on the technological matrix. Embodied skill and knowledge are vanishing. A human, on its own, is nothing. It needs all other humans and the technological matrix, thus forming a superorganism. This artificial superorganism seems to have already become the dominant species on Sol-3. But it is an exosomatic species, which cannot sustain itself. What makes it viable is the global ecosystem in which it is embedded. On the other hand, that an exosomatic species that depends on the exterior has dedicated itself to degrade and deplete that external environment condemns it to extinction

The human being consumes but does not nurture, and thus wants to consume more. The result is a state of collective addiction. It is because of this addiction that mankind’s survival presents a problem entirely different from that of all other species

The real solution to overpopulation, or an apocalypse, is in the answer to whether the natural resources and financial means can be distributed equally to maintain sustainability and implement measures on future fertility rate. If the humanity surrenders in its combat to fight overpopulation, then this issue may as well be the way the world ends

Environmental activists acknowledge the issue, while the rest thinks that they will be able to overcome this crisis as they were able to survive similar environmental events in the past, but do not realize that nature took an irreversible turn and that what occurs cannot go back to how it was before. Most people tend to focus mainly on short-term goals to enrich themselves and to experience pleasure rather than give their full attention to environmental protection for long-term goals. For that reason, the planet is running out of resources, and with every child born, environment suffers. It is paramount for humans to understand that their planet is a bounded system and no help from outside will come to assist the scarcity in natural resources that humans are soon to experience
