It was a strange world where people were transparent to corporations, however corporations were not transparent to citizens

In the long run, the transfer of new knowledge from fundamental sciences to industry induce fast economic growth, which means a faster environmental degradation. The paradigmatic case of human stupidity is the industry of tourism which is based on monetizing landscapes while degrading the very thing that is the object of its profits: the environment. You can only be more stupid if, having been born an imbecile, you train yourself conscientiously, something that the tourism industry learned to do from its beginnings

Beyond its urban planning and its architectural forms, cities in Sol-3 (much as those in Alritha-7) are cities of communication, of semiotic hyper–relations, of symbolic vibration, of the circulating data — which we should not confuse with the materiality of technological interfaces — that can be assumed like a kind of multidimensional hologram. A structure in which everything implicates everything

In that future world virtual reality is used as a connector for internal psychological landscapes and external non-existing ecosystems. The virtual landscape combines red clay materials with pre–urban plant species and futuristic scenarios. It is a journey through an imaginary place in which recreated elements such as mud, water, underground infrastructures, roots and plants weave together to form a symbiotic landscape. As long as you wear the neuroimplants, everything is okay and you won't notice that, in fact, your city is just a pile of radioactive rubble where nature is a stony desert where nothing exists except you and your stupid implants that recreate for you what no longer exists because you destroyed it yourself. As long as you don't take off your virtual glasses, your city will be bearable

The current scale of human perception is not the one that dealt with the existence of a still, secure, and determined–sized cosmos; but the one revealing the space as a consequence of the transformable, the transitory, the provisional and, above all, the marketable

There exists an unbridgeable gap between one’s own inner world and that of others. At the same time people feel a need to be connected to others. Longing for connectedness in the context of this gap in the understanding of other minds, may give rise to feelings of fundamental isolation and loneliness. People are constantly trying to make sense of what occurs in their life, they search for meaning and try to find a purpose to live for

Human actions are exposed to control systems in social networks, intimacy is a concept less and less valued by power and innocence is the dominant human condition on the Internet and the entire technosphere. We do not know the sources from which data fows come from, nor the origin of programming systems; the same occurs for the destination of contents freely provided by users

The issue is that the strategies of data distribution, the production of messages flows and the opening of codes are opaque to the citizen. Subjectivity, then, in the collective exchange is subject to asymmetry in its relation to power. This means that there seems to be no way to escape trends and social uniformity strategies

No image of reality is a truth but a network of possible arguments. This cyber–cosmos of the 21st century is, at the same time, the sum of all the destinies and of all the origins that can have any argument about reality. We have created the internet as a part of your subconscious and dreams and daily lives and relationships and business and family and identity. Your individual death is lost in the unmanageable data which is produced every week: statistics, oficial words, political complaints, citizens fear, publicity of security companies, laws, graffiti, messages, calls and everything that circulates symbolically around the problem of insecurity

You people are social animals fond of gatherings and meeting up with each other. How long would you people be able to incarcerate yourselves in your small homes in your massive megacities? How long before the feeling of egoistic suicide invades you all? The inability or unwillingness to live or interact with the people in the society is the religion of the megacity
