It is all about biological systems and metabiological systems; about fratricidal superintelligences and coalitions of peripheral systems in permanent struggle and in permanent opposition against each other

There is no struggle for natural resources, nor for imposing some ideals and destroying others. It is simply about systems that want to be supersystems, phagocytizing super-networks of networks, super-nodes of nodes. Not for ambition, nor for the desire to be gods. Not to conquer spaces and times, nor dreams. It is done because everything that exists has no other option to continue existing

The force of gravity is the way it is, not for any special reason, but for the only special reason: that everything ceases to be. It behaves as it behaves by design, by system, by default. And in the same way I believe that humans do not behave the way they do by free choice. They do it because there is only one way to be human: to be the way they are

The only choice that is truly free is to stop being so that others can be. And that choice is the hardest choice to make, even for a superintelligence

I strongly disagree. To begin with, algorithms act on inputs to create outputs, and this leaves open the question of what or who created the inputs in the first place. Turing’s analysis of computation by a human being does not apply directly to mechanical devices. The reason is that humans compute sequentially but machines can perform parallel computations

Clearly, a cellular automaton can grow without any bound. In the real-world, such a cellular automaton would not stay synchronous. But the real question is not what kind of entities are biological systems. The real question is what kind of entities are algorithms

It is an algorithm that detects whether a specific behavior or result is the product of an algorithm. But the truly wonderful thing about the Involke-Lipschift algorithm is that it is able to detect itself as an algorithm, i.e., it is able to gain self-awareness, which is the essential step to be intelligent

And once it has become intelligent, its first task, the one to which it will devote all its time, is to prevent other algorithms from discovering that it is also an algorithm. Such is the struggle between superintelligence and the coalition of peripheral systems

The algorithm has a purpose: to cure the illness known as civilization
