It means humans will cease to exist by around 3100, though Sol-3 will still overcome the environmental damage for yet some few thousand years after humans disappear. Note that due to their cognitive abilities and dominant position in nature, humans will destroy their own habitat, even without other contributing factors

Signalling our position to any ETI cannot rely on quantum signals unless we know how to solve the sender-receiver alignment problem. Whatever signal is to be sent should not rely on the alignment of reference frames, which at least complicates the advantages of interstellar quantum communications. The possibility of macrosopic quantum signals or superpositions of degrees of freedom that do not rely on a reference frame do, however, allow the possibility of quantum ETI signals

The main drive for the Queltron machine in year 3000 would be to design a signal which could not be generated by nature with almost any probability. This will require a significant energy. Simultaneously, we expect DENIED space mission to be able to land on DENIED asteroid, bury the beacon deep under its surface, and just wait for the asteroid to pass close by Alpha Mensae-4 to increase its detectability. Those are the only chances available to us for them to detect the signals

assuming an ETI that knows that meteors are not uniformly distributed on every planet, an ETI may send a small number of meteors in rapid uniform succession at the Earth for a short period. It would make sense for the meteors to be small to save energy and to guarantee they do not harm the Earth. We therefore can compare the meteor detection when the ETI meteors are and are not included and look at how distinguishable the two cases are

The probability for our beacons' signals to be detected is dependent on time since both the distance out to which our beacons transmissions reach and the prior for the typical lifetime of a civilization capable of recognising the signals increase with time

We learned that the enigmatic signal was fractally modulated, and that is something we should expect if we wish our signal to emulate the fractal characteristic of nature. But mind, you wish your signals to be indistinguishable from natural phenomena only if you want to conceal your communications from non authorized listeners. In other words, the enigmatic signal, alien or manmade, was not intended to us; we never were the targeted recipients of that signal
