From an estimated 5 million individuals just 10,000 years ago, we ballooned to more than 7 billion. On average, every duplication of the human genome includes 100 new errors, so all that reproducing gave our DNA many opportunities to accumulate mutations. But evolution hasn’t had enough time to weed out the dangerous ones: gene variants that might make us prone to illness, or simply less likely to survive

Given how many mutations are now circulating among living humans, we may be evolving new capabilities already. Some of these mutations have been identified as the cause of emerging neurodevelopmental diseases that has a significant impact on verbal and nonverbal communication, as well as social interaction

Because the nervous system is so complex and interconnected, it seems particularly sensitive to mutation, something to which solid state entities are obviously immune. While human genome is degrading (this is a well-established, noncontroversial finding) SSEs promise a way to escape the so-called increasing mutational load

DARPA announced in 2016 the Insect Allies Program, a research project that aims to protect the U.S. agricultural food supply by delivering protective genes to plants via insects, which are responsible for the transmission of most plant viruses. Of course, the announcement subtly avoided the dark side of the program, which aims at creating a new class of biological weapons that would be delivered via virus-infected insects

We knew biotechnology, nanotechnology, and robotics could result in the creation of unnatural entities that can self-replicate beyond human control. But we knew humans would always try whatever they could imagine, till one day they realized it was too late to revert their decisions. In those days the belief was that solid state entities represented a momentous evolutionary shift that was going to occur and that would change human life forever. The relatively super slow humans would stand no chance and would be defeated readily if these entities become self-aware. Note that SSEs are essential to produce hybrid humans, that is, the combination of a biological brain and AI systems. So yes, it was a turning point in their evolution

Technology influences individual decision-making, and this will have implications for the future of community democracy. We must be able to use technology to democratize processes through the digital platforms that build communities. However, it is predicted that humans and super-intelligent creatures will live together in the future for a brief period of time, most likely some 20 years, before hydrid species finally overtake carbon-based humans

... because the report for that particular hydrid mentions a small clog due to bleeding in the brain, which caused disorientation and confusion, irrational mood changes, movement difficulties, lightheadedness, and difficulty to sleep, all of which led to a violent behavior for the unit under test

The combination of breakthrough advances in technology with neuroscience is what made it possible for this new species to emerge. It is not totally human, and it is not totally artificial. Actually, each of the solid state entities can operate autonomously and, taken together, they mimic a classic human, something they've learned may pose an advantage if, for some reason, they consider real humans a threat. There is no way for a human to tell the difference between a hydrid and a real human, while the reverse is not true

The mistake? The mistake was not designing an insect as a carrier of a geminovirus to wipe out the enemy's crops. The mistake is forgetting that, once released, the modified insect is going to be modified in turn by the forces of natural selection, and it's going to do so in a way you can't control. DARPA was not the source of the error. The mistake was that, without realizing it, the whole damn game was about humans hating each other by modifying crops and insects and starving themselves to death just when Nature already had other plans for them
