I think it unwise to assume that the current Nation State system will inevitably exist in 100 years time

the information technology revolution has one simple goal: to make dramatically faster and cheaper 
communications in order to allow an efficient population mass control and to allow the fast transfer of 
financial assets

The original idea was to have a space-based atomic accelerator that would fire high-energy neutral 
hydrogen or deuterium atoms at suspect objects. A sensor would then detect the neutrons or gamma rays 
emitted from heavier objects struck by the hydrogen atoms. A hundred or more NPB platforms, and
perhaps several hundred sensor satellites, would be needed for a complete system

... re-using the subsystems that were developed within the framework of the ERIS 
(Exo-atmospheric Reentry Interceptor System) program..

... performed the tradeoff analysis for the DANASAT - Direct Ascent Nuclear Anti-satellite - weapon

Globalization is just the competition at world level between 
corporations without the support of their corresponding nation-states. Corporations 
are the nation-state, and therefore the military have conflicting interests which collide 
with those of the big corporations. Our defense system revolves around one key concept, the 
concept of defending our nation from other nations. But we now find ourselves changing the 
paradigm as we realized the enemy are not other nations, but the multinational corporations

The meeting was held on board DENIED oil crude tanker, anchored off the shore of Malta. 
Corporations sent representatives that were taken on board to meet with SV17q members. There they 
were briefed about the current situation and were informed about what SV17q expects from them in the near future.
SV17q explained that although the end of the nation-states was on behalf of globalization, 
globalization was meant as a way to ease world control in order to oppose a coherent 
and globally coordinated defense against The Activity, and not just as a means for corporations 
to increase their financial profits. SV17q made it quite clear that they need a united one-world 
to face the incoming threat, and that if corporations do not cooperate, that would mean the end of corporations themselves. 
SV17q was quite explicit: they would put an end to worldwide economy the moment they feel corporations 
are a problem, and not a solution

Multiple decoys would likely exhaust our ability to shoot back at the attack, even if extremely
rapid discrimination of decoys and warheads were possible, because we won't know where to shoot 
back. We won't be able to deny tracking of or to decoy near-earth satellites,
especially large sensor platforms, because they were subjected to long periods of surveillance, 
probably since the very beggining of our space race. Finally, even if deployed
while the satellites were under attack, satellite decoys would frequently not have time
to lure DANASATs far enough away from the real targets

, but in fact it was an early-warning radar
coupled to a telescope comprising an array of antennas distributed over round area with 50 km diameter

Any other setup will require detectors placed locally at the Moon. Note, that since the Moon
is in the vacuum there is no need to make detector setup compact which is required at Earth 
due to space limitations in the experimental cave
