we thought it was some kind of medical textile. Clearly, these are not  natural fibers and they share neither chemical, physical, mechanical nor  morphological characteristics that could make us think otherwise

They are weird things indeed! They look like filament structures able  to sense the environmental conditions and stimuli and adapt according to  the prevailing circumstances. But the most amazing feature is that these  fibers are hollow and in the inside they include what seems to be  monitoring devices and sensors of some sort

we were expecting to find microfibers, that is, very fine yarn that  has a diameter that varies between 3.4 and 36.2 μm, but what we found  were microfobers well below 3 μm, microfibers which show an intelligent  behavior up to the point that we mistakenly thought they were an unknown type of life form. Chemical analyses proved them to be synthetic fibers,  albeit of an extremely rare composition unknown to us. They lack  polyamides and polyesters and don't seem to be of textile nature at  all

Once airborne, these microfibers can travel worldwide until settling in  remote terrestrial or aquatic environments. You find them all over the  planet. We have samples of soil and water from the 60s up to samples  collected in 2019 in different locations all over the planet. But only  in those samples collected after the Yulara event do we find these  microfibers. The Yulara site was thoroughly analyzed and there is a  detailed research program running on cryptoendoliths, but we never  thought of analyzing ocean water samples looking for microfibers of  unknown origin. The discovery of these exolife things was totally  unexpected

If it is not an anthropogenic material, and if it is definately not a  natural mterial, the only posibility is we are dealing here with exotic  non-terrestrial microfibers, unless the microfibers are the  extraterrestrials themselves..

... on behalf of DENIED we herewith inform you that data on the concentrations found in the water column and at the  seafloor level by DENIED are classified material adscribed to the DOLYN  program

It happens in a wink of an eye: in close proximity, the microfbers  realign themselves and assemble together creating a pulsating mesh that  reacts to certain stimuli. The geometry of the mesh changes in  unpredictable ways and they show clear signs of intelligent behavior.  Yes, we've found them in the human body too, and yes, they have a  preference to accumulate in the brain. It is not yet clear how this  affects human health, but you can bet it does. Maybe they are  carcinogenic, mutagenic or both. We simply don't know, and we don't even  know where did they come from
