As gravitational signals travelling between two points on the brane can take a shortcut through the bulk, they will reach their destination quicker than a photon travelling between the same two points along a geodesic on the brane. In other words, in a given time interval, a gravitational signal can propagate farther than a luminous signal. This would explain the way our neighbours communicate through vast distances breaking the light speed limit

The speed of propagation of signals is not limited by the speed of light measured on the four dimensional hypersurface. If a signal penetrates inside the shell along the fifth dimension it can leap forward huge distances in extremely short times as compared to the time taken by signals propagating on the hypersurface

Appearing and disappearing at a given point in space can also be explained if we assume we are not viewing a physical spacecraft, but an orb. For a given time, a causal signal can travel much further on the hidden brane in a direction parallel to brane and, hence, an impulse originating on our brane can take a shortcut through the hidden brane and affect our brane at a point outside of the naive horizon. This would also explain the lack of radar evidence for this type of events

The communication consists of a modulated beam that jumps from one geodesic to another through interactions. This means the bulk fields must interact sufficiently strongly with the fields on each of the branes for this scenario to be viable. The signals we are detecting are neither random, nor 'natural'. They carry intelligence, information, and do have a clear purpose

The key issue is how to modulate a field signal. If we were able to do it we will be in a position to emit our field signal, which originates on our observable 3 brane, travels away from our brane on a path perpendicular to both branes, and arrives at the other 3 brane. There, it will be interpreted by virtue of the interaction with fields confined to the hidden sector. We know they do it this way, but we cannot reply to their messages because we ignore so far how to modulate the field signal

A signal along the geodesic may leave our spatially three dimensional world, travel into the extra dimensions and subsequently return to a different place in our 3D world
