The essential knowledge for an observer is that he doesn't live in ths or that Universe, bit in the Universe in which he is aware of his presence. You can actually live in Universe A, and being aware of your existence only in Universe B. The universe, in which we are aware of our presence, consists of real particles, particles with a non-zero tensor energy-momentum. Ghost particles are guests from parallel universes. But there are infinitely many parallel universes; all of them are symmetrical with respect to our analysis (there is no dedicated own's Universe), therefore, one can only exist as a ghost, that is, as made of ghost particles

to decompose a particle into linear combination requires some mechanism present in universe, which brings about and confirms the fact of decay. Obviously, this is the same mechanism that fixed a particular universe. And this mechanism is consciousness, there is an observer, present, living in this universe

the communication of information promotes the survival. But, the latter does not have to involve consciousness: robots or computers can also communicate information in order to perform complex task. Of course, our communication of everyday feelings does not directly promote the survival. But, from the point of view of natural selection, the setup that promotes the communication of information does not have any purpose; it just happened to promote survival by accident

You can teleport a small ball of Niobium. Can you do the same for an apple? If you wish to transfer to another time a macro-object, such as a person or a spaceship, is necessary to make sure that the laws of quantum mechanics are also valid for macro-objects. To do this, you need to pay attention to those mechanical degrees of freedom of the macro-object, which are well isolated from the environment and therefore well protected from decoherence. We need macroscopic quantum mechanics

When a human makes a choice, two things happen. First of all, the configuration of particles generates a feeling that corresponds to making a choice. Secondly, this same configuration corresponds to the motion of the body according to that choice. Thus, a human learns, by experience, that whenever he has a certain feeling it always follows by the motion of his body; thus, he decides that the feeling is a cause and the motion of the body is an effect, which implies that he made a choice. In reality, however, both the feeling and motion of the body are effects, while the cause is configuration of particles. This means that he has no choice about the way his body moves. Thus, if by some miracle, his feeling happened to make him want to make another choice, he would be confronted with the fact that he is forced to move contrary to his feeling. But, due to the fact that feeling, itself, is dictated by the configuration of particles, this never happens. Thus, he never gets confronted with the fact that he has no control over the way his body moves, since every single time his body is forced to move a certain way, he happened to want it to move that exact way. Thus, he continues to have a false belief that he has free will

You have free will, only it lasts for a zeptosecond. The remaining span of time you live in a fully deterministic Universe
