Progress in many fields has been limited by lack of computational or information processing ability. This constraint was virtually absolute until relieved by breakthroughs in microelectronics in recent decades. Once the operative constraint is overcome, progress can be rapid, until the next technological barrier is reached

We feed on money, and if we lack funding we cannot keep on researching. On the other hand, an invention by itself would have little effect on an economy if there is no scope for the users of the new technology to improve their own technologies, and if continuous innovational efforts would not increase the efficiency by which the generic function is performed. It's time to transfer knowledge from the military to the civilian. Face it

We have a thorough and carefully desgined plan for technological advancement in Sol-3. The main areas of knowledge transfer are nanotechnology-based human life comfort, high speed computation through optical computers, embedded intelligence, novel antiviruses, XViS, that is, the sensation of existence through virtual reality and through artificial environment, off planet production in micro-gravity, protein maps to know how many active genes are coding for proteins in living beings, customized kids (which are used for customization of physical and mental ability of children), the development of chameleon chips, which are reconfigurable photonic circuits using the idea of optical solitons, flying cars (through manipulation of gravitational force), fractal models for fragmented geometry shapes, and new propulsion systems for interstellar travel. We have a detailed schedule with milestones perfectly specified at which those technologies will be transfered. We have a deadline for which we want all of these developments to be in place. Finally, we have a date for a terminal event that we need to avoid

The construction of optical subsystems directly on-chip, with the same lithographic tools as the surrounding electronics has been made possible by the advances in these tools, which can now create features significantly smaller than the optical wavelength. All this will signify a breakthrough in computing that will advance other key research areas making Sol-3 progress exponential

Our thought was that virtualized reality could restore the sense of shared community that people had before they began sequestering themselves in front of TV sets and computer screens. Our plan included integrating synthdreams wearables with embedded AI, but we realized we would be facing new forms of addiction for which we have no solution yet. The human brain is simply not yet ready for the future we are designing

Neural Virtual Reality (NVR) takes existing virtual reality technology to the next level by pumping virtual environments directly into the brain with neural and eye implants. Transmitted signals trick the brain into believing the body is actually participating in a simulated experience. The implant tells the brain what the body is hearing and how it should feel. With all sensory inputs provided by NVR, a sufficiently realistic simulation is indistinguishable from reality, much like a dream. We currently produce the same effects through synthdreams, but synthdreams are still chemically-based because humans are organic life forms. We need to move one step further

From project SEE we've learned there is a serious risk of creating a new race of reengineered humans who might not be able to breed with those whose genetic makeup was left to chance. It is a risk we don't want to assume. These reengineered humans are meant to be used in planetary exploration, and to work in hostile extraterrestrial environments where we need to build the factories of the future

The digital culture we’ve built rests directly on our ability to understand and manipulate electromagnetism’s quantum manifestations. But with gravity we remain in the dark. We have no theory of quantum gravity and without the ability to manipulate the quantum gravitational world, we won’t be gliding around in the silky hush of hover-cars anytime soon. Instead we will have to fly the old-fashioned electromagnetic way

The game is set up as follows: At the fundamental base level of reality lies pure Information, the Code that processes that information, and the Other: an alien hyperintelligence that created the Code. The Code generates the physical three-dimensional reality that we humans perceive, which is called the Grid —which is actually a cross section of the HyperGrid: an overarching reality of more than three spatial dimensions (Hyperspace). Physical brains, like all physical objects, emerge from the Code, and consciousnesses emerge from brains. By the intake of the common and potent psychedelic chemical dimethyltryptamine (DMT), our brains are transformed so as to be able to allow access to hyperspatial realities and the beings that reside therein (as foetuses we also had such access). The meaning of life is to discover all of this so as to be able to play the Cosmic Game. We then use LyAv to explore this scenario, specifically asking what technological breakthroughs will be required to escape the grid. We impose a requirement: that any piece of matter is a logical structure composed of events whose intrinsic character is not known

Let me explain this to you. Matter should not be viewed merely as static objects but rather as dynamic entities that arise from interactions and processes. In this view, matter is fundamentally linked to information and can be understood as a manifestation of underlying logical principles that govern how particles and forces interact. Now, when we think of matter in this way, we recognize that its properties and behaviors emerge from a series of events, interactions that occur over time, and if you could control time somehow, say, taming chronons, then you'd be able to modify matter in ways you cannot even imagine. Reality is a complex web of interconnected events and relationships, rather than a mere collection of isolated objects. You need to understand the logical structures that underpin reality, and you need to understand the underlying knowledge structures of the technologies involved. You need to go beyond the illusion of meeting an alien entity, and focus instead in the logical structures of such an encounter

I know you don't fully understand, that you get lost in definitions, that all you want to know is whether or not they exist, where they come from, what their world is like, whether or not they are a threat. I know. But the interesting thing is not the answer to these questions, but to know what is the logical structure that governs all existence. That is the question. The rest is just smoke. There is a technological distance between you and them; to fill the gap belongs to them. There is a cognitive distance between you both; to fill the gap belongs to you both. And there is an existential distance between you and them. Belongs to us

There remain important gaps in other fields of research that undermine our preparedness for extraterrestrial contact. It is important that each contact scenario is explored, criticised and refined, such that the risks associated with each – and their interconnections – are classified and brought into clearer analytical focus, through employing data and models from emerging astrobiological research. But in the end we need to get our hands dirty, I mean, we need to recognise we would be forced to simulate a contact scenario before actually making contact. This means we will need to set up our own artificial aliens, and we will need to blue-beam our own civilization to minimise future risks

The contact will be virtual in order to minimize risks associated with extraterrestrial viral incursions; and it will be mediated by AI, in a neutral zone, probably beyond our solar system. We still need deep technological breakthroughs before getting ready a contact probe to meet DP-2147
