Dec. 2014: Anthem was the target of a very sophisticated external cyber attack. The hacker attack on health insurance provider Anthem Blue Cross announced last night in particular affects hundreds of thousands of members of the California Public Employees’ Retirement System

A life run by algorithms... algorithms coded with the goal to cause a collapse of life and the fall of civilizations. We are moving fast into machine learning, a world in which programs are trained to pick out and respond to patterns in large amounts of data. But, you see, the patterns that emerge are our old friends: lust, greed, envy, and pride. Machines have learnt that we are all driven by lust, by greed, and by pride, and that humans feel envy the very moment they are born, till they die

The Norwegian central bank, which runs the country’s sovereign wealth fund – the world’s biggest – has told its government it should dump its shares in oil and gas companies, in a move that could have significant consequences for the sector

The world is not yet prepared for the development of machines with greater general intelligence than humans; actually, they expect to interact with highly advanced stellar societies, but not with highly advanced robots here in their home planet so that, in fact, it is better to start 'humanizing' those machines, making society to believe they are actual beings, instead of machines

So, Norway’s sovereign wealth fund is the world’s largest. It is managed by a unit of the central bank, called Norges Bank Investment Management (NBIM). It answers to the board of the central bank and the Norwegian parliament. It can invest in stocks, bonds and real estate abroad only. It owns on average 1.3 percent of global equities. However, NBIM has failed to learn how to make economic growth more inclusive and how to reconcile growing identity nationalism with diverse societies. Sure, this is something Sol-3 has failed to learn for a long time now, but in the case of Norway it seems interesting for us to perturb the system. We need a disrupted Norway if we wish to put in place the Artic Exploitation Strategy

You mean they infiltrated both CalPERS and the Norges Bank Investment Management to initiate a massive disinvestment from all oil, carbon, and gas holdings? And how so? Just because Giselians visited their top managers in dreams, dressed in purple lights, and warned them about global warming, civilization collapse, new agey promises and the usual shit? What's next? A warning about how evil nuclear weapons are? I recall The Idiot first wanted to shut down all of our nuclear missile programs because he reasoned if we cannot use our missiles, better for us to forget about them and save money. Tell me, how much did it take for us to convince him that was a very bad idea? It seems to us CalPERS and NBIM need to learn the hard way how the world works

Yngve Slyngstad... Get him to see some of the Hessdalen lights and ask him again if he is serious about investing more in stocks and less in bonds

Realistisk sett, om vi skal investere i infrastruktur, private equity eller lignende er ikke et veldig viktig spørsmål for fondet

Jan 28,
1998
- Yngve Slyngstad (35) has been appointed as equity manager. His department will be responsible for the selection and follow-up of external equity managers, as well as establishing equity management in Norges Bank

Jeg er en enkel mann. Det ar noe av det første jeg grep fatt i da jeg startet i januar i fjor. Jeg liker det enkle og et fond av vår størrelse trenger ikke belåning

The companies Africa Israel Investments Ltd. and Danya Cebus Ltd. were recommended for exclusion from the Government Pension Fund Global because of their activities in the building of Israeli settlements in the West Bank

Truth management posits that disclosure translates into a highly disruptive phase of technological change, and therefore truth supression and denial of the existence of Giselians must be kept in place until we find a way to manage the implications for society of the new technologies

The Orderly Shutdown requires both CalPERS and NBIM to get back to their usual business. In the case of Norway, we plan to teach them the lesson that economic growth does not suffice to escape collapse. We've taken the necessary steps to seed Norway with the anti-establishment populism virus in the belief that xenophobia is the only way to keep rich men killing themselves. Our proposal is to fund populist parties and generate social unrest. While the destabilization program for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was based on exploiting tribal differences and destabilizing both her Northern and Southern borders, the strategy for Norway is totally different. This will require one or two car bombs in Oslo, as usual
