there is no reason to restrict ETI exclusively to the creatures consisting of particles of the Standard Model

The Void, a threshold between existence and nothingness, transcends the limitations of our conventional comprehension. It exists beyond the material realm, defying definition or quantification. In its immense abyss, the Void represents both the ultimate limit of knowledge and the potential for boundless creativity. As we traverse this ethereal realm, we confront the symbiosis between the Void and our innate human longing for meaning, pushing us to explore the depths of our own existence and question the profound mysteries that lie beyond

Giselians can also be searched through the primary radiation emitted during the process of their manufacturing of black holes. The characteristic energy is set by the inverse impact parameter and is comparable to the energy of the Hawking quanta emitted by a black hole manufactured in the process

The universal mechanism of enhanced information storage capacity can be potentially implemented in laboratory settings, such as cold atoms. This is a realistic prospect even for our civilization in not far future. The bottomline of this discussion is that an advanced civilization can certainly use non gravitational saturons (objects of maximal microstate entropy) for the efficient information storage

an advanced civilization that cares about the compactness and the energy efficiency of its computations must find the way of optimizing the information storage capacity of the system. That is, it has to manufacture devices that maximizes the microstate entropy per given size of the system

for Type-I societies the best way is to capture a single event, whereas for Type-II and Type-III civilizations upper limits of possible fluxes will be defined by a net effect of all quantum processing events every second

Among all possible saturons, the black holes stand out as the most efficient information storers. This gives us a confidence that a highly advanced ETI must be using them as the information storing device. However, it is certainly conceivable that some civilizations use non-gravitational saturon devices, as opposed to black holes, for their quantum computations. In fact, even our civilization may not be too far from implementing the saturated systems for such a purpose

on the evolution road of any long-lasting civilization the black hole based quantum computers are the natural attractor points
