Clearly, Sol-3 is a tribalistic, fragmented world which cannot deal with pollution, natural resource depletion, disease, and ethnic tension. The metasystem collapse reduces in this case to just a collapse of networks. Sol-3 was designed as a non-linear system unable to react proportionally to the intensity of an external perturbation. A small perturbation, say blocking just three straits, brings down the entire global supply chain. A simple adenovirus put global economy at risk. The system is clearly suboptimal

War is always a question of command and control, and the basis of command and control is communication. Infect communication, turn lies into truth and truth into propaganda, and you would have destroyed control and command. That's what a hybrid war is all about. During the Involke-Lipschift experiment run on US we introduced populism, engineered truth, put a disruptive president, pushed US limit beyond the lambda factor (0.756), stressed the subsystem with a financial crisis, and finally stressed the subsystem with a pandemic. The subsystem behave erratically, yet it showed an optimum resilence for a brief period of time

Each nation seems to be ruled by someone who sits on a throne, wears jewels, carries ornate weapons and, often, claims to be the son of some supernatural being and, hence, a supernatural being himself.It makes no difference if that someone wears a suit and tie and looks like a shitty office worker. These larger than life individuals keep many wives, pretend instant obedience if not straight worship, and are, often, cruel, vindictive, and in many cases also sexual perverts. It makes no difference if they look like normal citizens: they are not. They are just slaves and puppets of the megarich people. Better then to remove that filthy 2% of the population and see what happens, rather than witnessing the collapse of a system we know is going to collapse

In Sol-3 money is just a tool of command and control. That world tends to solve the problems it faces by always increasing the size of its control structures. As a result, it carries an increasing burden of overly complex and expensive structures that are costly and harmful rather than useful. Sol-3 is ruled by a metasystem, a system of systems comprising a network of networks. It is clearly an unfit society, one in which the difference between the rich and the poor is not just the amount of money they have. It is in how they are networked. We hence support the idea of disrupting the metasystem by attacking the root of the problem that generates this metastasis of misery and poverty: the banking system

It is not about softening the collapse. Every collapse, by definition, is rapid and occurs at the most unexpected moment. Nor is it a matter of judging how to organize a species that, moreover, already has little chance of survival from birth due to its inability to solve the global problems it faces. It is a matter of deciding whether or not it is possible to use what is left of the system, once it has collapsed, to create a system that is effective for our purposes

The collapse of humans as a species is one thing; the collapse of their civilization is another. One thing is the inviability of a species to form intelligent civilizations, and quite another that the species is itself inviable
