As the SDF becomes more common, we might see a shift where dreams become a regular part of people’s lives, not just fleeting and occasional occurrences. This could redefine how sleep and dreams are understood, with many people potentially waking up and entering fabricated dream-like states more regularly than during their natural slumber

Before XViS, the focus on lucidity tended to overlook the non-lucid dimensions of dream ego reflectiveness and volition. Indeed, the preoccupation with lucidity stands in contrast to the premise that there is a continuum of all possible balances of control between the autonomous process and the dreamer’s self-awareness and consciously directed effort in all dreams

Sleep itself might become fragmented and disrupted. As people immerse themselves in SDF-provided dream-like states, they might not return fully to their original sleeping cycles. This could lead to issues like disrupted REM sleep and possibly sleep apnea, which can disrupt the quality and quantity of sleep. Conversely, individuals could benefit from better quality sleep by experiencing enhanced emotional regulation and stress reduction

Traditional methods for diagnosing and treating sleep disorders like sleep apnea, insomnia, and nightmares might be supplanted. The SDF could offer more targeted, personalized treatments that directly address specific symptoms and conditions. This could potentially lead to the development of more sophisticated treatments, but it might also exacerbate issues like insomnia or nightmares, requiring additional care and monitoring

We have developed a wide spectrum of military-grade substances  within XViS program that elevate the levels of acetylcholine in order to increase dream recall in general, and lucidity, in particular. And we have galantamine-based drugs that can send you to dreamland in less than 21 seconds. But while the conscious ego endeavors to avoid original traumatic memories, a mechanism in dreams repeatedly re-exposes the dreamer to them. We cannot avoid landing in that rice field, and each time we land the experience is devastating for the dreamer

Regular access to intense dream experiences could potentially exacerbate anxiety and stress levels, leading to higher rates of anxiety and mood disorders. It could also create a reliance on such experiences, leading to psychological issues such as addiction or dependence

For certain individuals, regular exposure to the SDF could lead to improved cognitive functioning, such as heightened memory retention, decision-making capabilities, and problem-solving skills. However, it might also increase cognitive dissonance if not handled ethically, leading to conflicts between real and simulated experiences. XViS is both an angelic and a demonic machine

The problems we found with the XViS crew was that they began to re-evaluate its attitudes toward dreams and reality. XViS, (and its commercial downgraded twin, SDF) easily blurs the line between the conscious and the subconscious, leading to existential problems for the crew. Look, dream fabrication, synthetic dreams, and artificial dream generators are not harmless technologies. One ride on XViS often leads to trauma and post-traumatic stress disorder. What's even more problematic is that dysfunctional dream mechanisms could manifest in the waking phase as psychoses

You're refering to the DREP protocol. This entails re-entering a dream just after a short and purposeful awakening. In other words, the method involves forcing a dreamer to first wake up, then administering DENIED drug for the dreamer to focus on some non-engaging activity for a brief period, and then to induce again the sleeping phase in order to re-enter or continue the interrupted artificial dream

Through the retinae, light drives the periodic regulations of biological processes into discrete circadian cycles, allowing for the daily ebb and flow of life. Desynchronization of these cycles, such as sleep/wake patterns, may eventually manifest as chronic and problematic mental conditions. Since light-driven pineal activity regulates the flux of indoleamine concentrations, various brain activities and subsequent states of mind may be considered as composites of these influences
