We are focused on making embryo models that have the capacity to develop into human beings; our human embryo models can induce pregnancies when placed in the uterus, though they contain an internal genetic mechanism to cause spontaneous termination soon after for biosecurity reasons. If what you're asking is whether we know of anyone here or anywhere that has tried to place one of those models in the uterus deprived of such biosecurity mechanism the answer is yes

It is just a human post-implantation embryo model comprised of embryonic and extraembryonic tissues. Our cultured stem cells can independently give rise to entire gastrulating embryo-like structures with embryonic and extraembryonic compartments. Our company specializes in coaxing embryonic stem cells to self-assemble into organized structures in vitro, such as blastoids, organoids, assembloids, and gastruloids, under the framework of teh SEE project

Assembloids are the key components in our xenobots. A xenobot is just a living robot (a cell-bot), a cellular entity that can be instructed to develop new collective goals and assume shapes totally unlike those that normally develop from an embryo. They can take shape on their own, entirely without human guidance or assistance, too, and this is what makes of them a valuable bioweapon

Infotaxis is a strategy or a search algorithm for searching without gradients. This strategy locally maximizes the expected rate of information gain, and this is the best algorithm that describes how xenobots explore the environment and how they establish connections to form swarms of xenobots, which is what we require for them to be an effective bioweapon

compute” their own ways solutions to growth and form, rather than for their genome to prescribe them, makes sense in evolutionary terms, because it means that the collective goals of the cells in a tissue remain resilient to disturbance. Now, let these assembloids sef-assemble, self-organize, and eventually intelligence will emerge. But this is a slow process, so let's do a different thing: let administer these assembloids to a human being, and it will cause a moth horrible death as the assembloids navigate through the particulate matter of the body destroying cells and tissues. This is the bioweapon potential of xenobots. Yet, there is a third more interesting experiment: let inject these assembloids at specific stages of human embyrogenesis and then let alone the modified embyro to develop into a human uterus; it will eventually develop into a modified human, a new living creature with as yet unknown features. This is the basis of the SEE project

2019 was the year of proliferation of AI systems, and in 2020 we created the first civilian xenobots assembled from frog cells. Look, we have supported and promoted the development of AI as a curtain behind which to hide our developments in bioengineering and molecular genetics. AI has allowed society's debate to be precisely about the potential and dangers of AI. And while everyone was looking at AI, we have gone ahead with our research on xenobots without society realizing what was going on

While society debates about surveillance capitalism, while they argue about AI, while they meekly lock themselves in their homes terrified by a simple coronavirus, and while they continue to kill each other in computer-designed wars, we have unleashed the real beast: xenobots and the first synthetic human embryos. What's coming, believe me, is terrifying

We have certainly benefited from all the noise and expectation that AI has generated because while investors were investing in startups dedicated to deep learning and while society was enraptured by ChatGPT, certain military and other dubiously civilian laboratories have crossed all the red lines of bioengineering, silently, hidden, on the sly
