If we are unable to love things together (landscapes, towns, objects, stars, languages), then we cannot love ourselves, and if we do not love ourselves we will be blind to any non-terrestrial technosignature or biomarker

One may want to remove incentives to influence humans if we are concerned that such influence would be manipulative or otherwise harmful. Incentives can be removed by eliminating the ability of the system to have such influence, or (potentially) by changing the utility function. However, removing incentives to influence users may be intractable, in which case designers might instead hide incentives by designing the system to ignore them

That star has an anomalously high velocity. No further discussion. The entire system is a stellar engine; it generates thrust that overcomes the gravitational force between the engine and the star, and causes the acceleration of the system. It represents a massive engineering feat, and this raises the question of why they would be constructed. Obviously, stellar energy collection is not the purpose of such structures

For us the question is not whether or not we are alone in this Universe, it is not even a question of whether or not there is evidence of intelligent life in our own solar system. For us the main thing is to know whether we ourselves exist or whether we are just a figment of someone or something's imagination. And I tell you this because for us it does not change anything if we find other dreams; what we want to find out is who or what is dreaming us

We suggest focusing on trying to find a probe that might have been sent to our solar system in the past, and who has a high probability of being found in DENIED. We also recommend sensing DENIED surface using an AI probe to detect anomalies in data collected. But there is something we cannot forget: Earth has a plausible chance of giving rise to another technological species after humanity’s extinction, hence it is a must whatever long-lived beacon we design, we design it having in mind those future observers
