Two search and rescue personnel who were exposed to ash and debris  subsequently experienced persistent reduced breathing capacity and heightened reactivity to histamine challenge

Normally, we expect  members of the recovery team to experience eye, respiratory and skin  irritation even if they follow the mandatory procedures for DENIED  vehicles recovery. We can cope with it, but we have no clue about how to handle nausea, headaches, and hallucinatory episodes which are common  when securing a DENIED crash site

... usual reports concerning the  sudden showup during salvage of the wreckage of DENIED vehicles  exploring the area, and a clear correlation between their appearence and  the hallucinatory episodes the rescue team experiences..

I was assigned to the DART team based in DENIED. On the  second day after the crash, me and my group were performing the standard  recovery procedures. My task was to sort through wreckage and cutting  into metal. A few meters away from my position two guys were turning  pieces of wreckage over and kicking through debris when suddenly they  both started sort of trembling, fell to their knees and, man, there they  stood, like statues. I only recall SV17q officer shouting at us to not move and to stay calm. I ignore what happened to those guys. Never seen  'em again

Air sampling checked negative; radiation measurements checked negative.  There was nothing there that could pose a hazard to us. We were all  wearing advanced PPE, and by the time we initiated the recovery  procedure enough time had passed for us to ascertain those guys, you  know, the aliens or whatever they are, were not interested in that  particular crash site. No lights in the sky, no nothing. But the moment  we approached the DENIED structure on the ground I started feeling  nausea and hearing acute noises in my head. I realized I was nose  bleeding. Minutes after SV17q team appeared and picked us all back to base

Priority must always be given to the destruction of classified  equipment and associated documents. When lack of time and/or stores  prevent complete destruction of equipment, priority is to be given to  the destruction of essential parts, and the same parts are to be  destroyed on all like items. All critical platforms should be fitted  with fragmentation sequence mode and flight termination systems

Fact is you really need to have a thorough understanding of what you  are looking at. Most of the downed DENIED vehicles crash silently, or  dematerialize in mid air once hit by the DENIED beings, and in the rare  occasions in which we arrive at the crash site we do it to just witness  how two or three DENIED vehicles hover the site cleaning it up. Nothing  is left behind. As if it never happened

It is a blessing the other guys out there are clearly more advanced  than the guys whose crafts we recover. See, the former use metamaterials  that get volatilized after impact; volatilization of these metamaterials  results in conversion of matter from the solid state to the vapor phase,  so that there is zero chance to ever recover an intact Giselian craft

A DART - Downed Aircraft Recovery Team - is mainly comprised of select  personnel who perform assessment, repairs, and recovery of downed  aircraft. But here we are not dealing with aircrafts, therefore no  matter how is the team equipped, trained, and rehearsed to accomplish  recovery in whatever environments and conditions you may think of, they  are not prepared to handle these 'things'

Listen, we are not talking about accidental losses here. We are talking  about combat losses in a war it is clearly not our war. The message they  send to us is crystal clear: earthlings, this is not your business
