More than 90 percent of the signals used in communication by these strange colonial creatures are chemical

it makes no real difference how their specific biology differs. All of the planets inhabited by technological species we've found show the same organization: each contains a colony of intelligent beings that create a technosphere; each colony is integrated tightly enough by its communication system and caste-based division of labor so they qualify as a superorganism. But they are all organic beings. The most advanced among them invariably show societies that exhibit the ultimate superorganism states, where interindividual conflict within the colony is minimal or nonexistent. But they all fail in just the same way: their inability to transcend their short-lived minds

Sol-3 is an interesting case in that three intelligent species coexist, each of them ignoring the others. You have humans, with interindividual conflict disrupting the colony and the environment; you have DENIED, which are cognitively blind to humans, and you have insects, who like human beings, can create civilizations but without the use of reason

Whichever its precise origin, once a stable pattern of cooperation had been established as a basis for human society, it quickly led to a division of labor. Division of labor is based on the principle that if individuals specialize in carrying out particular tasks, they can be more efficient. However, if an individual is exclusively busy producing one particular type of commodity or service, then that individual will be dependent on reciprocation by others for providing the other resources he needs. Therefore, division of labor can only evolve on a solid basis of cooperation. But human societies are still far from achieving cooperation. They are still anchored in the exploitation of the weakest and their collective decision-making is far inferior to that of insects

Castes are created by algorithms of development, the sequential decision rules that guide the body growth of each colony member step by step until the member reaches its final, adult stage. This is the way a colony of insects becomes a superorganism. With humans the process is similar, except the algorithms for development are based on a simple mechanism: individual wealth, in terms of a thing they call
money
. That they do not evolve beyond the point of a superorganism that devours itself is clearly due to a mental dysfunction that prevents them from really considering themselves a species

Nothing in the brain of a worker ant represents a blueprint of the social order. With humans the situation is somewhat different: the beliefs of an individual is always a blueprint of the social order. The case for DENIED is totally different, but again DENIED are not indigenous to the planet

Life is a self-replicating hierarchy of levels. The ultimate level is collective cognition. Past that point, the technosphere decouples from the beings that created it, and becomes a superorganism itself. This usually means a metabiological superorganism

Unlike solitary animals, social colonies can manage decisions using parallel assessment by multiple individuals. That is, each colony member assesses only one or a few options, and the colony collectively compares all of these assessments to improve its decision quality. This is how eusocial insects work. In the case of humans, only a few members of the colony take decisions that affect the rest of the colony, therefore the quality of their decisions is extremely low. Insects wouldn't create a technosphere, but they wouldn't destroy the environment either. Humans can create a technosphere, but at the cost of destroying the environment

Collective intelligence and wisdom of crowds refer to situations where groups achieve more accurate perception and better decisions than solitary agents. That's how Denebian probes work. However, whether groups outperform individuals should depend on the kind of task and its difficulty. We know the accuracy of a group of independent decision-makers improves with group size; with humans this is no the case for just one reason: interindividual conflict. There is a population size beyond which humans kill themselves, regardless of the natural resources available
