Look, a drone is just an airframe with a battery, a camera, some LEDs, a receiver, an ESC, and some dc engines or even a micro jet engine. That's all that it is. See, light emitting diodes were invented in 1962, and digital cameras were already available in 1960. DC engines were already available in 1880, you know. Microwave transmitters were even available in 1920 operating at 60 GHz. You had it all in 1976 to build and deploy a black deltoid stealth platform

Advanced military applications rely on inventions, that is, new ideas, new scientific discoveries or a technological novelty which has not been implemented and diffused. Actually, these inventions and discovery are always subject to embargo and secrecy in order to keep the advantage of defense capability. The industry, on the other hand, relies on innovation, namely, a tradable application of an invention, as a result of the technological transfer of an invention from the military to the industry, and its further integration into economic and social practice. The duration of this technology transfer has increased during the last decades such that sensitive and breakthrough military technologies reach the public only after 50 to 70 years. That's the picture of a breakaway civilization today

Canonically, the higher-level or systems view of innovation emphasizes the importance of the transfer and diffusion of ideas, skills, knowledge, information and signals of many kinds. The channels and networks through which this information circulates are embedded in a social, political and cultural background, they used to be strongly guided and constrained by the institutional framework; but in today's world there is an institutional framework together with a deep parallel non-state framework. It is within this deep non-state framework that radical life-changing developments take place, hidden from both the public, the states, and even most of the non-critical military services

We agree the development of a society requires invention and innovation to serve that society at large, yet today we face non-state hostile enemies in the hands of which these innovations and inventions could pose a dramatic threat, a situation that has nothing to do with that of the past. Therefore, you shouldn't expect our MilOrbs, our paradigm-shifting vehicles, our organometallic computers, our intelligent metamaterials, and so on to reach industrial applications in the forseeable future. They will pass as 'alien' technology for at least another 40 years. You should find comfort in your UFO's and UAP's sporadic sightings because that's as much as you will get from us

See, networks of individuals are of key importance in the transfer of information both among scientists and among those involved in business innovation, and when those individuals are in the payroll of the military, even if they ignore this, those networks of diffusion collapse. Controlling innovation and invention is done most of the time surreptitiously. But if we need to use lethal force to keep our secrets secret, rest assured that we'll use it

Special Vehicles, known as SV, is a supranational entity which effectively controls the transfer of sensitive technologies to third parties. In reality, they control that no transfer ever happens. And they excel at that, believe me
