We work for DENIED researching on sociovirology, that is, analyzing  viruses cooperation strategies once two different viruses happen to  infect the same subject. Our aim is to discover conflict, cooperation,  and communication strategies among viruses. Our research is then applied  to define defense strategies against Giselians. Nothing to do with  biowarfare, you see. What we do is to treat aliens as viruses and Earth  as their target. We create models on how aliens could possibly cooperate  and communicate during an invasion in order to refine our defense  strategy. That's what we do here

We know virus-virus interactions are highly diverse. While some viruses  need another helper virus to complete their infection cycle, other  viruses are either activated or suppressed by the presence of secondary  viral infections. In our research Giselians and Denebians are  mathematically modeled as viruses and we simulate how a coinfection of  Earth would progress

We need to understand virus-virus interactions and its social evolution  if we wish to to understand and predict how an alien invasion would  proceed in the future. Approaching a Denebian probe as a virus, instead  of a simple extraterrestrial probe, makes it possible to understand the  logic of these exotic systems. It is not that they are viruses, rather  it is that they behave as viruses

One may consider object DP-2147 as an individual probe. Yet in some  cases, we've seen how an orb can carry multiple copies of itself. We  know functionally, these copies are similar to multiple orbs entering  the target area. This is a classic air space penetration strategy.  Therefore, the definition of a Denebian probe should be set at the level  of the single attacking orb

A sociovirological perspective on intelligent extraterrestrial  life-forms can open new research and defense possibilities. Social  thinking cast ETIs in a new light and question fundamental assumptions  to advance basic defense strategies. Additionally, focusing on ETI-ETI  antagonism and alliances, we may be able to uncover new weapons in our  own ETI-Earth battle
