The teleportation of a laser beam from one part of a lab to another was already demonstrated by DENIED, after Bowen's initial experiments. Investigators embedded a radio signal into a laser beam, then disintegrated the beam and reassembled it a meter away, virtually instantaneously. The laser beam was destroyed in the teleportation process, but the radio signal survived. The laser light at one end of an optical communications system was disassembled and its replica was recreated elsewhere in the lab. Even though the laser beam did not survive teleportation, its encoded message did. The iddea was to use these experiments in designing a system that could be used to transport secure data, such that it could become possible to construct a perfect cryptography system

Teleporting a MilOrb from Sol-3 to DENIED you mean? No. Look, first a MilOrb is a bulk object, and one needs an entangled pair of such bulk objects. Second, the MilOrbs to be entangled and teleported must be in a pure quantum state, of which we only know the Bose-Einstein condensate. But you know, pure quantum states are very fragile. Third, the MilOrbs to be entangled and teleported must be extremely isolated from the environment to prevent the onset of decoherence, and we don't know how we can achieve that extreme level of environmental isolation. To be fair, we didn't know until we discovered the Mavromatos' device

... the subject reported that he was accessed, that is, his conscious thought processes were interfered with and he found his perceived self at a distant technological facility..

the truth (whatever it is) doesn’t care what we want, consider worth wanting, or think is necessary or sufficient to make our lives meaningful, and the truth is that nobody has any confidence that whatever steps we take wouldn’t backfire, and increase the probability of an unfriendly AI. One thing is teleporting a MilOrb, and quite another is teleporting an AI

interesting” reasons: merely for the boring reason that we can’t possibly measure all relevant aspects of the subject’s environment, being embedded in the environment ourselves

Right now what is relevant is not whether or not we can teleport objects. Right now what is relevant is whether 'they' can do it

It is not that we are ignored. It's that we don't exist
