In everyday language we distinguish between strategic and tactical behaviors. While tactical reasoning con- cerns what to do in a particular situation, the strategic point of view considers the whole picture and provides a long-term plan. In game theory, a strategy spans the longest possible time horizon—it is a recipe telling the player what to do in any possible situation. Since a situation translates into an information set in games with imperfect information, a pure strategy for a player lists all information sets in which the corresponding player has to move, together with rules on how to move in each information set. By choosing a pure strategy, the player decides on how to play in all possible situations (i.e., information sets). Even unlikely situations must be considered in advance

In real life, few people start a game prepared with a pure strategy: they would start playing and decide what to do when it is their turn. So a pure strategy is more a theoretical than a practical concept. Other players or independent observers would not be able to decide whether a player plays with an a priori strategy. All they see is that decisions are made at different positions, but they do not know when they have been made. So we may as well assume that players have made all their decisions before the game starts

With a handful of AI firms in only two countries situated to collect trillions of dollars in profits from the process of automating away entire industries, the future looks very bleak for the global have-nots. Without the need for cheap labor, it will be increasingly difficult for poorer countries to pull themselves up the economic ladder

We both agree at least on one fact, namely, that the current world order is that one where international institutions are embedded in an increasingly dense web of networks spanning the globe. And we both agree AI systems will finally converge and melt into one superintelligence. However, we disagree strongly as to whether that would be beneficial or, on the contrary, it would lead to a new mediavalism ruled by imperial corporations, ruling under a global apartheid. We both know that all boundaries are permeable and borders can no longer be defended with walls, iron curtains, armed guards, or computer surveillance systems. And we both know someone has the means, the technology, and the will to use bioweapons, and that we have to prevent that from happening

In a not so far away future, bioengineering will become the real existential threat. Biosecurity technologies will emerge as the key technologies that can counter the really last human technology: biengineering and synthetic DNA. But One of the most controversial aspects of biosecurity is the publication of research data. Although it is acknowledged that academic freedom must be maintained, it must always be done taking into account the potential misuse of data, which may expose information on how to increase pathogenicity, how to aerosolise a pathogen, or techniques that increase the ease of misusing biological material for nefarious purposes

It is a binary weapon. See, it is designed to cause clinical syndrome of acute hypoxemic respiratory failure due to lung inflammation in targeted populations. As humans, you need air to breath, and water. The virus is administered when you drink water. The air is modified with DENIED agents. Once you breath the air and drink water the virus is activated if, and only if, your genome contains DENIED specific polymorphism sequences. If that's the case, you die in less than 5 days. No need for any borders. Anyone coming to our cities will know in advance what will happen if he or she does have the specific polymorphism in his or her genome: death. Now, come in to our cities, and breath if you dare

AI algorithms analyze medical data and identify the number of people that would be affected by the bioweapon. This would give you an estimate of the percentage of the population that would die, in case you release the bioweapon. But look, it is not possible to determine someone's ethnicity or nationality solely based on their genome because even when certain genetic markers may be more prevalent in specific populations, genetic testing cannot definitively indicate someone's race or ethnicity. This is so because the concept of race is a social construct and there is significant genetic diversity within all populations, making it impossible to accurately determine someone's background based solely on their DNA. However, AI algorithms found that certain genetic markers, such as HLA-DRB1 and CYP2D6, may be more common in Arab populations. Coupled with unique genetic variations that are specific to target regions you can finetune the bioweapon

LyAV can certainly be used as key element in any future new world order based on peace. But a dynamic, continuously updating conflict analysis database would require coordination and establishing contracts and channels for sharing data. Additionally, the data collection must be carefully trained in advance. Finally, we operate on the basis that conflict prevention is considered the best and most cost-effective way to tackle conflicts, which means that the opportunity to prevent human suffering makes a strong case for tackling conflicts in advance. This all to say that we need a new world order without nation-states, and without big corporations. There is no other way to achieve a peaceful world

It is our current position that there are no universal nor large-scale solutions to today’s local and fragmented conflicts. Even when similar underlying reasons might exist, resolving conflicts needs context specific solutions. The new world order can only be attained if only a few control the superintelligence, but on the other hand AI peace technology should be participatory, inclusive and mindful of societal and cultural considerations. Both requirements cancel each other out

Technologies for peacebuilding must first and foremost be viewed in terms of their role in producing and sharing knowledge and information about the world. This means everyone must share and exchange information, and this also means if someone is not ready to share what he knows about the world, then peacebuilding won't be feasible. Secrecy is the enemy of peace, and secrecy feeds on the existence of nation-states
