they coordinated attacks against parcel drones in airspaces using anti-drone drones, and routinely rerouted empty AVUber taxis into Thames estuary. Another group carried out a massive injection of illegal information into the learning support apps used by students all over the world

A high level of anxiety can lead to avoid technologies, but can also lead to poor performance, without total avoidance of them, which makes the specific of technophobia compared to the other phobias. The technophobia is a legitimate response to technology, being associated with the ubiquity of the latter, especially, in the personal computer version. Although it is a more recent phenomenon, the determination and the knowledge of the nature of the factors involved in its appearance, seems to be more important than ever

You've become your own gods by means of technology, but you are overruled by your own inventions. The human quest for knowledge and power is being punished; the story of human hubris is now coming to an end. You've got trapped in your own creation and have become the victim of large corporate and governmental spiders, which squeeze information out of you in order to make profit or to gain more power. Soon the network will even colonize the things you never knew had anything to do with information technology. The Internet of things will be the final defeat of human autonomy

Remaining human means protecting the purity of your subjectivity, which should remain unpenetrated by the anything or anyone. Subject and object must remain separated if you wish to remain human. To become human is to take distance from the natural and the material, to pull yourself out of the dust and dirt of the earth, elevating yourself above matter. We don't want an Internet of Things. We want an Internet of Souls

Society is already technological, and technology is already social. Society is not constructed by pre-social and de-material individuals, but grows out of, and with, the natural and the material. The social is neither separated from technology nor from nature

It is an anti-algorithm. It explores all algorithms, it evaluates their logic. It then infects them and turns them inoperative, or it simply deletes them, wipes them out. If does so if it finds the technology those algorithms are based on threatens life, produces death. For an anti-algorithm death is understood as the absence of connection and change, indeed alienation. Alienation is the denial of the deeper existential and dynamic relationality implied in human being and the active attempt to disconnect rather than link. That's what an anti-algorithm is meant for: to annihilate those algorithms that disconnect us from Nature

The modern illusion that this lifeworld is separated from the system in the first place and the illusion of the possibility of full control are themselves problematic. The superintelligence has as a goal to make you believe that you can be disconnected and should be disconnected, that you are and should become psychologically, socially, and ontologically autonomous individuals, separated your social–natural–artificial environment. You should resist that temptation, resist that deception, rebel against that dogma
