It was time to turn spacecrafts into true explorers, rather than just collections of cameras and sensors powered by a rocket motor. That's why DENIED was designed as a fully military AI-powered autonomous deep space probe. That the program later evolved into a probe whose mission is to hunt down and destroy the Voyager-1 and Voyager-2 is a consequence of the latest findings on object DP-2147. I initially disliked the change in mission objectives, but knowing now what I know about DP-2147 I think destroying both probes is the best option

The main problem is that, under the guise of pushing forward a deep space exploration program, China's growing network of facilities in Latin America and Antarctica for its civilian space and satellite programs has defense capabilities. As you know, ground stations play an important role in national security. They facilitate military communications, track missile launches, surveil the space assets of other countries and can play a role in jamming, interfering with or potentially destroying enemy satellites

Any missions going beyond the orbit of Jupiter have to rely on some form of nuclear power to run their systems. Chemical rockets in that region can only propel the spacecraft by restricting payloads and using complex slingshot orbits to build up the necessary velocity to get to their destination. DENIED probe is the first nuclear fission development, and the first one using on-board AI. The probe is equipped with highly advanced technology designed to navigate through the depths of space and approach DP-2147, hopefully without detection. Its trajectory is carefully plotted to avoid detection by civilian astronomers, who may inadvertently discover the existence of this covert operation

The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) sent two short transmissions to the Cancer constellation between 2013 and 2014. The messages contained mosaic images showing parents holding a child's hand and another image showing the Sun and a human. When we fed the images into the AI and ask it to descrbe what they were supposed to mean the AI replied the images were representing the idea of humans as a children abducting species

It takes just some 23 hours to send a poke command to the Voyager probe, so no need to send anything to destroy it other than just a signal from Earth. But you cannot ask civilizans to disable the probe without giving them a good reason to do it, and this is what we don't want to do. But, see, we don't just want the probes to be disabled: we need them physically destroyed. That's why DENIED probe is a must

The estimated timescale as to the likelihood of the Pioneer or Voyager spacecraft colliding with a star (or stellar remnant) is 10 to the 20 years. Basically, they will never collide against any star
