the receiver is disabled when the high power signal is transmitting as the receiver has a limited dynamic range, which creates a reception blind area; meanwhile, the low power transmitted pulse reduces the strong direct blast, so that a receiver with an extremely high dynamic range is not essential. Additionally, more time domain measurements can be obtained, significantly improving tracking performance

DENIED uses a detection method for underwater moving targets by detecting their extremely low frequency (ELF) emissions with inductive sensors. ELF fundamental frequency has a direct relationship with the target’s speed. Before acceleration, the fundamental and harmonic frequencies are 1.2 Hz, 2.4 Hz, 3.6 Hz, etc., after acceleration, they become as 1.8 Hz, 3.6 Hz, 5.4 Hz, etc. This characteristic obviously shows the relationship. These harmonic line spectra are of great value for the identification of the underwater moving targets

The task of detecting and classifying highly maneuverable and unidentified underwater targets in complex environments is significant in active sonar systems. Previous studies have applied many detection schemes to this task using signals above a preset threshold to separate targets from clutter; this is because a high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) target has sufficient feature vector components to be separated out. However, in real environments, the received target return’s SNR is not always above the threshold. Therefore, a target detection algorithm is needed for varied target SNR conditions. When the clutter energy is too strong, false detection can occur, and the probability of detection is reduced due to the weak target signature. Furthermore, since a long pulse repetition interval is used for long-range detection and ambient noise tends to be high, classification processing for each ping is needed

The moderate seismic activity during February of 2011 in the off Miyagi area, which included an M5.5 earthquake, was reported on March 9 (2 days before the Tohoku-oki earthquake) at the monthly meeting of HERP. It was considered to be similar to previous periods of seismic activity including M5-6 earthquakes that occur sometimes in the area

DOLYN uses a neural network in order to characterize marine and freshwater soundscapes. It is also the only systematic and thorough effort to record and document unidentified underwater sounds, which are not commonly a project priority and so are rarely reported, often remaining elusive

those signals were clearly identified during a period of time that spans from 46 hours to 6 minutes before the rupture of a stretch of the subduction zone associated with the Japan Trench, which separates the Eurasian Plate from the subducting (underthrusting) Pacific Plate. The Sendai earthquake of March 11, 2011 was preceded by the Earth's magnetic field reverberation from a coronal mass ejection event that hit Earth on March 10, 2011 which resulted in a G1-class geomagnetic storm. We had strong warning from GOES X-ray satellite of a massive solar flare for Tuesday, March 8, 2011, and we decided to down all PSVs, hence we knew the signals were not ours

... reported the encounter between a Chinese autonomous underwater seafood fishing robot and an unidentified submerged object at DENIED which resulted in the Chinese vehicle being chased and destroyed..

The magnetic field of the earth was struck by a Coronal Mass Ejection from the sun during the late night of March 10th, 2011, and on March 11, 2011, Japan experienced the strongest earthquake in its recorded history. Notably, a M 7.3 earthquake occurred 2 days before the Tohoku-oki earthquake just updip of the expected Miyagi-oki earthquake. But if we had had access to the DOLYN network data, we would have detected that the underwater signal ecosystem and spectral patterns were totally different, and we would have deduced that something different was coming. This pernicious concealment of military data prevented us from properly assessing the situation

In our view, they knew that these stellar events would generate the Sendai earthquake. The signals we detected came from their beacons and represented a general warning of what was to come. They did exactly what we did: parked all their vehicles and waited in tense calm. The beacon signals remained active until just six minutes before the earthquake

Officially, the Positioning System for Deep Ocean Navigation (POSYDON) program aims to develop an undersea system that provides omnipresent, robust positioning across ocean basins. By ranging to a small number of long-range acoustic sources, an undersea platform would be able to obtain continuous, accurate positioning without surfacing for a GPS fix. The Real-time Sea Exercises you refer to were held in August 2018, and the DENIED incident was recorded on July, 14th, 2018. The incident took place in the Middle Atlantic–New York Bight Region
