In modern societies all activities connected with money are sped up because money fulfills its function only through circulation. Time becomes more and more scarce and experiences of time stress will spread everywhere throughout society. Boredom, however, can be found in both industrializing and advanced societies. This is of no concern to us: no revolution was ever born from boredom. Our only concern is to keep controlling time, your time, because this is the real invisible structure of power

If one compares populations which differ only in life-expectancy, the population with a longer life-expectancy will have a greater proportion of individuals who have lost trust in their government. This is why we oppose any public health policy that aims at increasing overall life expectancy

There is a subtle, unacknowledged network of systems and mechanisms that influence social dynamics, relationships, and institutions. These structures shape behavior, reinforce inequalities, and maintain the status quo without being overtly recognized. He who controls the network dictate cultural norms and values, create institutional practices, sets up economic systems, establish social networks, defines language and discourse, changes historical context, and introduces new psychological mechanisms in order to rule the world. The trick is this: temporary suspension of the semantic function of ordinary language

the state in which the ordinary conceptual structures and categories by which we carve up reality are suddenly shattered and transgressed

The art of subtle control is based on a constant exercise of linking and de-linking. Because contemporary societies are increasingly based on networked information and infrastructures, we are facing new questions of how networks of information, properties, and people can be linked or de-linked in order to produce, maintain, abandon or modify anonymity, and who holds that control

We tricked you. We knew humans are giving up their privacy in order to engage in all sorts of beneficial practices, so we decided which exact data needs to be aggregated. The more data we aggregate about you, the more we control you. See, the system is so complex right now that we collect data not even intentionally. Now, the easiest way for you to resist giving data away to us is this: Just don’t have it. You need to learn how to become dataless if you wish to be free

If you want to stand up to a control structure, you need time. And that's exactly what we're not going to give you. You'll have to go to work, the mall, the doctor, social events, and you'll spend time in traffic jams and waiting in line. By the end of the day, you'll be so tired that the little free time you have will be spent relaxing, not rebelling. Every power structure is time-consuming. It feeds on your time

We do not deceive you, that is, we do not intentionally practice a twisting of information. Deception is a practice so deeply intertwined with human societal evolution that information already comes to us twisted. We simply re-process that information and return it to you, re-twisted, if you wish, but re-twisted unintentionally

The relation between what is and what ought to be collapses and thus, with it, the modern concept of the future. For logical reasons, there can no longer be any conventionally understood arguments, critiques, or politics within this new temporal order. And thus participation becomes nonsense. You even have no time to participate. This is a requirement for any chronophagous structure of power
