They are intelligent, they are collaborative, they operate as a swarm, and they are hostile. That's the best scenario you can expect. The worst scenario would be that in which they operate according to a exotic logic of which we know nothing. Unfortunately, that's exactly what they seem to be doing right now. They are ELS

In our opinion, these are systems that follow an exotic, but not totally intractable, logic. The patterns of interaction and collaboration they follow is weakly similar to those we've found in the hadal zone among cetain species in which multiple individuals cooperate to obtain food or to prey. This is in the end a common phenomenon in nature. Our conclusion is that perhaps we should approach these probes as life forms, and not as mere machines

Intelligence and autonomy is the core of intelligent combat. After all, that's how we design our swarms of unmanned autonomous vehicles. Sure, our current UAVs follow a human logic because they are made by humans to attack humans. The difference with the DENIED lies in that they are non-human, so we are totally lost when it comes to the logic they apply

Classically, we treat each probe as an agent with beliefs, desires, and intentions. Therefore, yes, they are intentional systems. But they are non-terrestrial, you see, and we ignore everything about alien beliefs, desires, and intentions. I, for one, don't believe they are necessarily hostile. In the hadal zone we've found amphipods, decapods, and all kind of snailfishes. Are they hostile? I don't think so. Now yes, this time we are dealing with a totally different phenomena which, unlike the environment at the Kermadec Trench, is located just DENIED parsecs away in space

They need to guarantee a rational communication relationship, hence they need to keep a specific formation control, and they need to take a specific space configuration in order to also guarantee collaboration among attacking probes. We ignore how they communicate among each other, and so we know nothing on what configuration they take at a given moment. In plain words: right now we are clueless, and when you're clueless you are vulnerable

Our team is tasked with analyzing threats posed by NEO objects, whether they are artificial or natural phenomena. See, a kinetic engagement at an altitude of 35 Kms could lead to a catastrophic debris incident rendering whole swaths of the GEO belt unusable for space missions, and probably destroying GPS satellites. No need for me to recall you all what catastrophic consequences would the destruction of the world GPS have for the entire planet. In this context, we care little whether the objects are non-terrestrial or terrestrial, and whether they are of cosmic nature or belong to beings unknown to us. One never cares about how many stripes does the tiger that is chasing you have

What is NASA going to tell to the public in June, 2023, when the study's report on UAP will go public? That DENIED refuses to share its ELINT data base on the phenomena? That yes, there are objects out there which are non-terrestrial or, at least, not acknowledged by any known service as terrestrial? And if NASA is pursuing this study for the agency’s own science and air safety purposes, does that mean DENIED probes are a threat to air safety? What about the objects and the high-strangeness incidents in the hadal zone? What about the Kermadec Trench incident? Are we ready to go full public about these incidents? NASA should focus on exoplanet and biosignatures research, otherwise there will be no biosignature left on this planet in a near future for anyone to detect

The consolidated SIGINT/ELINT report about the object is valuable for many reasons. The fundamental reason is this: they show that the object has intentionality, that it operates according to an intelligence and that it does not belong to our technosphere. I know that this is little, I know that knowing all this does not help us to know what we are dealing with. But I also feel with all my heart that we are as enigmatic for that probe as it is for us. I think it is time to establish a communication. But I also know that no one in this room represents all of humanity, that no one has chosen us for this task and that we should not arrogate to ourselves the right to decide for all of humanity

You know what? The irony is that the object recovered was certainly airborne clutter. The problem is it was artificial, non-terrestrial clutter

The atomic clocks aboard a GPS satellite produce the fundamental L-band frequency, 10.23 MHz. The GPS satellites are monitored by five base stations. The main base station is in Colorado Springs, CO, and the other four are located on Ascension Island (Atlantic Ocean), Diego Garcia (Indian Ocean), Kwajalein, and Hawaii (both Pacific Ocean). All stations are equipped with precise caesium clocks and receivers to determine the broadcast ephemerides and to model the satellite clocks. And in all stations we detected aggressive UAP activity. Silencing these incidents to the public seems logical. Ignoring them in the final ELINT report is not

The ELINT report includes a most disturbing conclusion: that if those objects use explosively pumped flux compression generators then we are here talking about the technology used in electromagnetic bombs. Period. The term lethal means that electronic equipment is damaged or at least upset, and I have to recall here that a the terawatts of power in the dc pulse generated is 10 to 1,000 times greater than that in a typical lightning strike. The ELINT team has analyzed 25 high-power lightning strikes in DENIED and DENIED, concluding 18 of them had 300 times more power than a typical lighting strike. To make it clear: they are intentional, artificial events. I call that a threat, a serious threat

Disguising an attack as a natural phenomenon is simply brilliant. At least it doesn't make us look ridiculous when it comes to recognizing that we can do absolutely nothing against these probes. Look, I too miss the times when everything was simpler, the times when we knew who the bad guys were and who the good cowboys were. But that time is long gone. Now it's all against all, down here, and up there. We live in the age of non-linear evil
