We usually send the most hard-to-detect drones into the country to map suspected nuclear sites. We too schedule high-altitude flights over areas of interest using these drones. This is all part of our covert intelligence collection program. If there is a malfunction there is nothing left to retrieve as the drones are programmed to explode into pieces the size of a nail, specially the array of sensors, which include sophisticated systems that are more advanced than anything anyone uses currently or will ever use in twenty years time

DENIED drones carry communications intercept equipment and sensors that can detect tiny amounts of radioactive isotopes and other chemicals that can give away nuclear facilities and/or objects

This Office has maintained, across different administrations and different political parties, that the President’s constitutional responsibility to defend the nation may justify reasonable, but warrantless, counter-intelligence searches, which includes the authority to collect whatever information may be necessary for this exercise. This is the only description you'll get about our activities actually taking place under the DENIED program

These vehicles and platforms are better suited for dull, dirty, or dangerous missions than manned aircraft. But you need to think not in terms of UAV, but in terms of UAS, that is, the entire system that includes the secret aircrafts, control stations and data link. Even for fully autonomous vehicles you need a mission supporting environment, except for the extreme vehicles which fly for themselves without human intervention for almost all the mission, and which have the capability to plan and re-plan its own flight path

What you see is that, as soon as the rocket takes off, it is escorted by two small orbs during part of its journey into the sky. In reality, these are two UAS whose mission is to penetrate the cloud of gases expelled by the rocket engines in order to collect data that will allow us to analyze and identify the main characteristics of the rocket's engines. An analysis of the exhaust plume gases will tell you more than a satellite image about the rocket. So, whenever there is a rocket launch of interest, you will see these little orbs swarming around it. You will also see them around nuclear facilities, collecting data on isotopes escaping from the facilities and allowing us to know precisely what is being manufactured inside those facilities. To you these are UFOs showing interest in nuclear facilities

SF-7 is what we call a Sensor Fusion vehicle. The entire airframe is a sensor, combining information from different sensors for use on board the vehicle

We chose a desert not just because it makes a good place to test our new emerging disrupting defense technologies, but also because we need to be detached from the world in order to understand the world we live in. We here are designing and building weapons, systems and strategies whose human and machine components do function as a seamless web at a global scale. When we design a MilOrb we don't do it having in mind a desirable future for us, we don't force onto the design a set of frozen requirements. We release the MilOrb for it to autonomously gather information and to explore the environment; it is the machine the one creating its own worldview. We are living a new era in weapons design: today, the weapons self-design themselves

Technologies are no longer a passive substrate ‘out there’ instrumentalised by humans, but an active and dynamic agent that is generative, resisting, lively and vital. Next generation weapons, the ones we design in this desert, are meant to reconfigure the sociotechnical fabric of our world, rather than destroying it. We, too, believe this is a world where global interconnectedness destroys the firewalls of civil society, information flows outstrip the powers of deliberation, truth is further relativised by velocity and crises spread like a contagion. We think is time to let intelligent machines not to just fight our human wars, but to find a way to put an end to these wars
