We confide in our strength, without boasting of it; we respect that of others, without fearing it

But of all the things we did, good and bad, we only regret one of them: having contacted you. And not because we shouldn't do it, which we should, but because we didn't understand at the time that the only way to communicate with a mirror is to break it

This is not a failed communication, not even an attempt that ended in disaster. Rather, it is that we did not know that all communication modifies those who receive the message. That is what it is all about

The sky is full with new, advanced military aircrafts and suborbital platforms, all of them part of the Next Generation Air Dominance (NGAD) program, Tier 1 and 2. The F-22 Raptor is just the lowest visible one. You find the PSVs (Sienna, Akrij, Presence, Tangent, and Graphium), high-performance MilOrbs, the SR-72, the B-21, B-22, D-32, several types of LSSEADs - Large Scale Strike and Electronic Attack Drones -, and their Chinese and Russian counterparts. There are exotic kinetic weapons, mostly looking like small-sized rhenium spheres, cruise missiles with exotic propulsion systems, and then you have non-terrestrial visitors' objects. Today information is so compartmentalized that nobody else can get access to data about these platforms, so they are largely unknown to even front-line pilots

Actually the protocol was very simple. We first reported that there was life on Mars. Microbes, bacteria. Then we reported that we had detected a signal that seemed artificial. Next, we reported the possible detection of an artificial object in the vicinity of Earth's orbit. Then, one by one, we refuted each discovery: the microbes were terrestrial contamination, the signal came from a military satellite, the artificial object was actually an asteroid. Then start over. Communicate that we had detected an intelligent signal coming from an exoplanet, an artificial object on the surface of Mars, and so on over and over again

For us, DP-2147 is just a dial tone, a door bell, that is, a technological object meant to communicate only the existence of technological life (we) to other beings and/or probes. Its role would then be just that: signalling that Sol-3 has technological life. For SV17q, the object is considered a Schelling point, an equilibrium in a non-communicative cooperative game such as a mutual search, namely, a mutually obvious game strategy. The fact that DP-2147 is now considered a threat relies on a weak alleged connection between its transmission pattern and the Yulara event, which made both events to be considered as related

It was the first confirmed, irrefutable, uncontested case. A fighter patrol was flying over DENIED. We prepare everything for the exercise. Our MilOrb became visible to the fighter pilots. We did the planned maneuvers. We were expecting the pilots to anxiously report the presence of an unidentified object. It's always like that. Only, this time, the pilots reported the presence of not one object, but two. We were frozen when we looked at the radar screen: there were two objects, ours ... and theirs

NORAD played its role, but it was clearly needing a redesign. That's why NORTHCOM was created. Today, in view of all the evidence we have, after having assessed hostile incidents in DENIED, DENIED, and DENIED, and after having confirmed the non-terrestrial nature of the threat we face, we advocate for the creation of the so-called SPACECOM in order to play the role of global aerospace warning for the Earth from these non-terrestrial objects in space and the detection, validation and warning of attack by those objects

The conclusion is clear. We'd better say everything we know about them already, before we have to explain what an object like DP-2147 is doing in the vicinity of our solar system. The object will be visible very soon to everyone on this planet, and no one will be able to avoid the matter anymore

During a test in November 2020, the National Radio Astronomy Observatory used a new radar to transmit signals from Green Bank Telescope in West Virginia. Yes, test produced images of the Apollo 15 moon landing site, but it also spotted a previously unknown object located at DENIED. They way civilian work is by using a transmitter installed on the Green Bank Telescope and the widespread antennas of the Very Long Baseline Array, comprising 10 radio observatories that span all over the world, in order to receive the signal reflected back to Earth. Image restitution algorithms are then applied to enhance the image quality from the received raw data. See, this puts us in front of the unavoidable fact that, sooner or later, civilians will detect and identify DP-2147, something we were keeping for ourselves until we could gather enough data to disclose its existence. This is what urged us to press the government to disclose some of our findings concerning non-terrestrial artificial threats. Better for us to leak some information than waiting for civilians to go public on DP-2147
