It is just human technology, and not alien; I'll tell how I know: this planet isn’t big enough for the both us. It is  obvious who we can do without

7.7 billion people live on this planet. By 2100 the population will be  11 billion persons. Obviously, we need to plan for global poverty  reduction, greater equality, better nutrition, universal education,  improving the quality of life of people, and health care. And we need to  do this by achieving sustainable development that will not destroy the  environment. Synthetic food technologies is a key area where technology  transfer from DENIED to Sol-3 could help to avoid the depletion of  natural resources in order to maintain an ecological balance. Essential  technologies ready for transfer are those enabling the synthesis of  high-molecular-weight compounds and food bio-polymers, including  tecnologies for producing artificial proteins and polysaccharides

We also believe the technology transfer program should include the  knowledge to massively produce human artificial blood in a safe and  effective manner, allowing humans to produce a long-term blood  replacement totally biocompatible. We additionally support the transfer  of technology related to counter diabetes, cancer and heart disease, and  to enable the early detection of mental illness. The package should also  include know-how on how to develop antibiotics, antivirals and  antimalarials. Finally, we also advice on transferring essential  technologies to deploy a global health emergency preparedness and  response system

Threats having to do with climate change would require the transfer of  key technologies related to energy production in order to implement  clean and cost-effective means to produce energy. However, the concept  of 'cost-effectiveness' is clearly a Sol-3 endogenous concept as humans  base their civilization on the primitive idea of the production and  consumption of goods and services and the supply of what they call  'money'. This is clearly a non biological requirement and they could  very well do without that concept. They are the only biological species  in Sol-3 doing so. They entertain the flawed idea that happiness depends  upon what they call 'economy'. This concept is so deeply rooted in their  minds that they ended up living inside a cognitive bubble up to the  point that even avoiding the collapse of their own civilization is  measured in terms of the economic cost. We are therefore against any  technology transfer in this or any other area

Better to transfer technologies related to how to bridge different  approaches to how societies respond to major stresses than to transfer  technologies that, in the end, will accelerate global collapse. Clearly,  media programming is better at changing people’s closely held personal  moral or political views, though elites use it to condition people's  perceptions of the broad norms that everyone should obey, norms that  perpetuate unjustice

The elites dream of turning the entire human civilization into a sort  of honey bee colony in which self-realisation can only be obtained  through self-denial, sacrificing one’s own needs in order to adapt to  the needs of those located higher in the social hierarchy. Yet, the  algae-like bloom of elites always finishes with a harsh societal  collapse, the collapse of a system that is fundamentally unjust, rigged,  blind, and shot through with corruption and self-dealing. So please,  make no mistake: the global elite will fall
