Fishermen in many parts of the world have independently developed methods that use sounds to drive (herd) various species of small cetaceans so that they can be killed and used for food, culled (i.e. to offset competition for fish), help capture fish (e.g. in the Eastern Tropical Pacific) or be taken into captivity. It is well documented that drive fisheries for small cetaceans have occurred for at least 650 years in Japan and Europe

Humans have taken advantage of this sensitivity by using artificial sounds to assist in capturing a variety of cetacean species in many parts of the world. Two general types of sound have been used to help capture cetaceans: a variety of ‘low-tech’ sounds used to help drive small cetaceans into shallow bays or nets or make them strand; and more sophisticated sonar-related devices (ASDIC) used to track or scare large whales

What happened to that power of love that you should have had when you were a child? The love that she was talking about, the war she was talking about, the pain that she was in, the disappointments, the betrayals, the pain, the loss. That was what the look in the eyes of the stranded dolphin meant. But you didn't understand it

The most pressing ethical issues involving whales and dolphins center on a clash between humans and cetaceans. And since both groups have sophisticated intellectual and emotional abilities that make them vulnerable to a wide range of benefits and harms, there should be no question that both groups have moral standing. Yet, there is a difference: humans kill cetaceans, while cetaceans do not kill humans

Whales and dolphins have the capacity for free, autonomous behavior and any interference with someone’s free choice would be ethically unacceptable

Dead body on the beach. Female. Suspected poisoning. No signs of struggle, but vaginal bleeding. Now, how significant is it that this creature is a mammal, that her breasts are only visible as nipples on either side of her vagina, that she is a beluga whale, that bladder cancer can lead to blood in urine? How significant is it? Your indifference to the suffering and death of those creatures you identify as cetaceans speaks volumes about your own species. We will bear this in mind in a near future. Be prepared

There are tens of thousands of chemicals on the market in the U.S. that have not been tested because testing would otherwise happen in a lab for a single carcinogenicity assay: it would typically involve eight hundred animals such as rats and mice; these animals would be exposed to the substance through inhalation, ingestion, or skin application on a regular basis throughout the animals' life spans; and the tumor patterns that result would be tracked for two years. All the animals are then killed

I am walking by the ocean and discover a pale orange crab, as large as a whale, washed up on the beach. It is dying. I lie down next to it, and slowly it wraps a great, clawed arm around me. Reaching my arm over its carapaced body, I return the embrace. I am not afraid. As if in the final frame of a movie scene, giant letters appear in the sky above us, spelling out a single word--G-R-A-C-E

Contact with extraterrestrials is to be done at DENIED, which for what we know is a totally hostile and radically different environment to that we are used to. We will need new sensory modes that only cetaceans use. Whales and dolphins live in an increasingly complex behavioral ecological system, something we don't. So, instead of hunting them, wouldn't be better to learn from them? Learning, remembering, and innovation can be life-saving cognitive tools in a challenging environment, and it is a challenging environment the one we will find when we arrive at DENIED for the meeting with non-human intelligent beings

Learning of an imposed language is perhaps the most challenging cognitive task that dolphins have faced in the laboratory. What about us? Have we learned their language? We haven't. Dolphins learned to understand not only the semantic features of artificial gestural and acoustic languages, but also the syntactic features. Learning of complex syntactic structures or decoding of anomalous structures was often achieved through inference, rather than through explicit instruction

We have good reason to believe that Europa’s ocean has been around for a very long time; it’s basically been around for the history of the solar system. And that’s important. A stable ocean that’s been around for a long time might be critical both for the origin of life and for the long-term survival of anything living in that ocean

During the New Britain Trench experiment we sent two small submersible to go down to the deepest depths there. One was remotely operated by humans. The other one was operated by an onboard autonomous system. We were testing the contact scenario, you see. The human-operated submersible attempted to interpret the cetacean signals, using algorithms to analyze the frequency and patterns of the sounds. The cetacean-logic driven submersible responded with a series of structured signals, trying to establish a form of dialogue. However, the human logic is linear and focused on data exchange, while the cetacean logic is more fluid and context-driven, emphasizing emotional connection and social bonding. In the end, the cetacean submersible perceived the human signals as a form of play, and it responded by increasing the complexity of its responses, incorporating more varied sounds and movements. This led to a playful interaction, where the cetacean submersible circled the human submersible, creating a dynamic exchange of signals. That's all we've got. Not enough for a contact. Not yet

We human beings have little to compare ourselves to apart from other human beings and lower forms of life. Whenever we assess our capabilities we do so in comparison with our colleagues. Arguably, this gives us a very biased view of ourselves and makes us vulnerable to a self-centered interpretation of our environment in general and more specifically the events that occur within that environment. we are situated in our environment not only in terms of our physical existence but also in terms of our psychological needs and understanding of ourselves. We depend on our surroundings for both our mental and physical well being and stability. Consequently, we view with a great deal of anxiety and discomfort anything that threatens to separate us from our environment or comes between us and our familiar surroundings. This is the main reason why we cannot engage in a face-to-face contact with non-human intelligent beings. The contact must be mediated through drones and, in our present case, submersibles

Detecting signs of intelligent life is based on algorithms that process unusual patterns of bioluminescence or complex sonar signals. The environment would be alien, filled with bioluminescent organisms and geological formations that surely will challenge our current understanding. Cetacean logic is rooted in the social and emotional intelligence of whales and dolphins, and it offers a distinct advantage in this scenario. That's the logic the algoritms of the underwater drone for Europa's oceans exploration encode
