The working principle is based on a gaseous fuel that is ionized and introduced into an acceleration chamber, where the magnetic and electric fields are created using an energy source. The particles are then propelled by the Lorentz force resulting from the interaction between the plasma flow current and the magnetic field (which is either externally applied or induced by the current) through the exhaust chamber

Clearly, it has been the breakthrough discovery of small power sources based on DENIED metamaterials what has allowed to reduce the power requirements from some hundreds of kilowatts to just 25 watts while providing even better optimal performance

They were interested in nuclear electric missiles, not in PSVs. It was a strike of luck we joined efforts to find ways to fit a paradigm-shifting vehicle with one of those micro-engines. What was not working for missiles was working like a charm for PSVs

It was just a proof-of-concept mission to prove that a Tangent class PSV was able to remain still in midair, to just accelerate well over 4,000g. PSV Tangent was out of sight in a split second

PSV Presence class was designed with a maximum speed of Mach 60. Obviously, they are all unmanned vehicles because humans can only endure up to 45g for 0.05 seconds. Bear in mind PSVs take advantage of technology, engineering, and physics which are some 170 years ahead from what's possible and known today

Maybe you wonder why anyone on Earth with such a technology would not put it to use, but that's just because you only have one single possible use in mind: war. There are more important things than war, and it is those things that matter to us. But if for some reason someone sticks their nose where it doesn't belong, you can bet that running into a PSV will be the last thing you’d want. Yes, they are military vehicles; and yes, they could be deployed on any of the hundreds of battlefields you have every day. But our enemy is not down here. It's up there

If I tell you that you will be able to colonize Mars thanks to everything you are learning with the war in Ukraine, how many more wars would you start to colonize Jupiter? Soon you will be able to stick your flag on the surface of any of Jupiter's moons with your bare hands, but those hands will always be stained with blood

What do you mean when you say that those vehicles and those UAPs must be extraterrestrial because it would be otherwise impossible to manufacture them without anyone noticing? Aren't you all following a meticulous plan whose result is the destruction of the Earth's environment and yet none of you seem to notice? Are you really aware of what is being done with what you produce when you go to work? Do you know? No, you don't know. Know now: those vehicles and technologies are yours, and they are yours without your knowledge. That's the perfect magic trick
