
It has yet to be proven that intelligence has any survival value


our task is to design proper algorithms to handle tons of data in search for signatures of proton decay; complex data reduction algorithms are needed to navigate the massive amounts of data we get after each experiment; those algorithms detect different patterns when they should not, so we were tasked to give an explanation to all this mess; we hypothesized that it could very well be the case those patterns were... well... crafted somehow. We decided to figure out how could a civilization use proton decay signatures to establish a communication channel with a hypothetical hidden braneworld, and we were astonished when we realized the emerging patterns would be exactly the ones we were seeing in our data

matter exchange can occur at low energy between closest braneworlds in the bulk. For instance, neutron swapping is allowed between our visible Universe and a parallel one hidden in the bulk, so it was natural for us to ask whether we could take advantage of this phenomena to send signals to the other side. It happens someone else located at the other side thought the same, and our conclusion now is that the patterns we detect are just that: intelligent signals from the hidden braneworld

Welcome back. Breath. Please, keep breathing. It takes some time for the neural firings to correlate again, so expect some hallucinosis. Do you understand what I say? Relax. Keep breathing, please. You'll be in a normal condition in a few minutes. Breath normally. We will now proceed to stabilize your neural activity. You've time traveled. Do you understand my words? Breath, please keep breathing normally

The existence of passing-through-walls neutrons in the vicinity of a nuclear reactor is a established fact. The ability for a neutron to leap from our visible world into a hidden braneworld, or from the hidden braneworld into our visible world, is also consistent with physics as we know it. On the other hand, searching for any unusual leak when dealing with ultra-cold neutron storage is also a sound experimental task. But characterizing the distribution of those leaks both in space and time is more difficult than we previously thought, yet it is not impossible

Probing the hidden braneworld is constrained by the finite range of the strong force. For instance, reappearing quarks on the brane must not be too distant from one another to restore the neutron and, as a consequence, neutron exchange between braneworlds won't be possible if the interbrane distance exceeds a certain limit that roughly approaches 0.5 fm. At a greater distance the coupling constant
g
collapses to zero

The appearance of neutrons from a neighboring brane, and more specifically, the use of this effect as a way to exchange messages with our neighbors, is of prime importance for us. Before this can be made possible we need to design protocols, characterize the bandwidth, implement sophisticated leak detectors, and so on. This requires huge technical and financial efforts and a perfectly coordinated teamwork which can only be provided by the Defense Department. I'm sure you'll agree

... that in 2073 the project was abandoned and replaced by the then emerging technology of CTC hidden photon traps in which detection of leaked ultra-cold neutrons from the hidden braneworld were replaced by the detection of hidden photons... came into full experimentation in 2075 allowing for the first time trapping inside a closed-timelike-curve trap a macroscopic object in 2103... opened the path to use higher and higher energies up to the PeV scale... they realized the only source of such vast amounts of energy was the Sun itself... turning them into a Type-II civilization by 3300, provided they can make it through the 3100 global collapse, which in essence means Giselians focused on forcing Sol-3 collapse by around 3100..

Not really; data shows that the shift from subsea data centers to orbital data centers happened by around 2300, so it would be stupid for Giselians to make it here by 2150. SV17q current view is to take the Gisel event of 1976 as the reference point. Jumps from the brainworld do happen once every 174 years, thus the sequence of events would be something like 1976-2150-2324-2498-2672-2846-3020-3194; Yulara event happened in 2016, a clearly non-programmed and isolated event;  based on this we conclude Sol-3 global collapse happened  between 3020 and 3194; even if they escaped the collapse, we doubt they could become a Type-II civilization by 3300, and 3300 is the point in the timeline from where all these events originate
