You have the difficult task of making policy around a subject where very little is certain

Since the incident with balloons flying over American airspace, there has been a heightened concern in government regarding aerial sovereignty and security, partially driving the interest in UFOs. This increased awareness has contributed to the perception of UFOs as a potential threat. Consequently, one possible solution is to increase military spending to enhance capabilities and better protect against potential UFO-related risks. Increasing military spending can ensure readiness and preparedness in the face of UAPs

Moving from outright dismissal to a tacit acknowledgment of UAPs by government is meant to launder all the illicit money we currently use to develop MilOrbs and PSVs

Now, as national security concerns are rising, especially in the aerial domain, it is easier to find ways to justify increasing budgets for this research. The government has already spent millions on UFO research, from a $22 million Pentagon project to study UFOs to promises for an $11 million budget for the Pentagon’s UAP office during the 2024 fiscal year

Since UFOs are reemerging in the public and government spotlight, information about current events regarding UFOs is easily accessible. But information about specific things regarding UFO policy, especially from the time of Blue Book until now, is scarce, as the government largely ignored the issue. Specific information about governments endeavors comes from the task forces themselves, such as historical sources like the Condon Report or press conferences today with the Pentagon. I also recommend reading op-eds and news articles, as it is important to gauge the public’s attitude towards UFOs and how the media is handling any new information

The U.S. government, Pentagon, and the United States Space Force (USSF) have constructed the narrative around UAPs, situating them within the broader national security conversation. ODNI is the one pushing forward a shift towards recognizing UAPs as non-traditional security (NTS) issues that transcend the conventional military and state-centric security models. We need to carefully review why this is so, why does ODNI want to make a problem out of UAPs, and why its agenda is to move from a narrowly defined national security apparatus to a broader, more inclusive audience encompassing the public and international partners. It might be the case ODNI wants to dilute our strong national security by making it open, transparent, transversal. Perhaps ODNI is just debasing our national security foundations, something our enemies will be pleased about

ODNI agenda is clear: the essence of security issues is shaped through security speech acts, wherein political elites frame problems as existential threats, thus warranting extraordinary countermeasures that diminish freedom on behalf of those elites. ODNI shows UAPs as an existential risk for the people to be ready to give up their liberties on behalf of the techno-oligarchs. ODNI agenda is clear, they want to underscore the linguistic potency in crafting security narratives, initiate a process that involves the securitizing move, the articulation of the threat, and the audience’s reception and validation of the threat narrative

The Pentagon’s changing approach to UAPs is not a response to new evidence but an evolving understanding of the UFO phenomenon within the broader context of societal mass control, international relations, and global hegemony. UFOs and UAPs are just an excuse surveillance technocapitalism uses to advance its overarching control agenda. If I tell you I'm spying on you with my drones, you will oppose; but if I fill the skies of your city with drones telling you they are used to protect you against a UAP ill-defined, extraterrestrial threat, you won't oppose. That's ODNI's role: to convince you UAPs are a threat, and you want our protection

Government-initiated legislation can often pre-empt and suppress the opposition’s ability to set the legislative agenda. In the case of the UAP-focused legislation, what appears to be cross-party support might be a calculated governmental tactic to steer the legislative focus. Bipartisan agreement may also be swayed by the pragmatic need to channel funds into opposition-held districts, casting further doubt on the authenticity of the bipartisan enthusiasm for UAP legislation

We want to use space and cyber technologies more deliberately to locate targets, disrupt the operations of adversaries, and gain information advantage. This concept aligns with DOD’s national defense strategy, which calls for the military to develop nonlethal capabilities, including those that can disable enemies’ networks and satellites. Space is considered a high ground, since it eliminates sanctuary anywhere on Earth. USA officials suggest that other military services collectively should develop experiments using space and cyber tools, and that they should test solutions in service and joint force exercises. And once we have done all they asked for, and once we have our MilOrbs and PSVs operational, they come and tell us the enemy is not China, or Russia, or a fucking band of jihadists. They tell us the enemy is the American people. How you think we feel, boy? I'll tell you how we feel: we feel we will turn our systems and networks against those technocapitalists. If it were up to me, I would bomb Silicon valley and Wall Street, as well as Capitol Hill, without hesitation. That's what these assholes deserve

U.S. DOD uses the term Space Domain Awareness (SDA) to refer to what is occurring in space. SDA includes the ability to detect, track, and identify objects in space, particularly potential threats from satellites operated by adversaries of the U.S. DOD combines the information it collects with information from U.S. intelligence community (IC) agencies, which helps the USG assess why certain things are occurring in space. nothing is beyond our control. What happens is that now some morons don't want us to attack China because it would cause losses in their business. They'd rather we attack Iran because, you know, none of these idiots trade with the Iranians. Do you know which country we monitor the most? Our own. That's the sorry state of affairs we find ourselves in

The framing of UAPs as a potential threat to national security serves to legitimize the expansion of surveillance measures that might otherwise face public scrutiny. In an era where privacy concerns are increasingly at the forefront of societal discourse, the specter of UAPs can be wielded as a tool to rally public support for surveillance initiatives. Let's use it

If only the UAPs were aliens! At least then they would pay the bills

If No. 47 should dare to attack Iran, rest assured that he will end up with a bullet in his hollow head. We cannot make the same mistake Russia has made with Ukraine. Our enemy is China, and to fight it we need to be in the highest state of readiness. How the fuck could we fight with an army engaged in a stupid war against Iran and with dead soldiers' coffins in our hangars? I'll tell you one more time: number 47 has a laser pointer on his forehead right now
