the analysis of Denebian probes involves modeling hypothetical subcognitive processes as a collection of many individual cognitive agents. A useful metaphor is to think of the brain as an ant colony, where the individual ants correspond with the subcognitive agents

Denebian probes arrange themselves as a network, or swarm if you like, and they obviously do their job. The job, in this context, is the transfer of information and complexity across the vastness of interstellar space. Perhaps this is all a survival strategy, perhaps they are simply calling our attention and are waiting for us to respond. Perhaps they are already communicating with us in a way we cannot understand

To devise a good explanatory analogy, it won’t suffice to make it down-to-earth; in fact, adding lots of concrete details can easily cloud up an explanation, making the gist get lost in the fog. What’s crucial in devising a good explanatory analogy is how clearly the invented scenario embodies an abstraction. That is, a successful explanatory analogy is one in which an abstract conceptual skeleton has been very naturally realized in a concrete situation, so the two go together like hand and glove

given a sequence, what you want to do is this: scan it quickly for various easy-to-detect characteristics that suggest which operators to throw out (this can of course only be intelligent guesswork), and then take the operators that escaped the pruning and arrange them in a sensible order, again guided by information from the quick scan. Typical results of a quick scan would include such things as: the degree of presence of repeated terms, a quick-and-dirty measure of the sequence's smoothness, a rough estimate of its rate of growth, observations of roughly periodic behavior, and so on

intelligence emerges out of the interactions of many thousands of parallel processes that take place within milliseconds and are inaccessible to introspection. And that's exactly how Denebian probes work. Obviously, you must replace 'milliseconds' by 'femtoseconds' for this definition to apply to Denebian probes

It seems the only way by which one can obtain knowledge of the mechanisms of a Denebian probe it is simply by interacting with the program over a period of time in an unrestricted manner. This means that covert mechanisms can be deeply probed and eventually revealed merely by means of watching overt behavior, though obviously you first need to accept the idea that a Denebian probe is harmless to you, something still pending proof
