The new logic of accumulation does not require as a must a misinformed civilization; actually, this is the best-informed civilization ever, one in which every citizen has all the technological means to access information whenever and wherever he or she wishes. Every citizen of this civilization knows perfectly well what it is evil and what it is not, and what is and is not the right thing to do for the survival of his own civilization, so if the environment is degraded and greed reigns, it is not because of ignorance: it is because we don't care. No need to misinform

Our interest was to monitor all citizens, to know what they think, what they dream, what they long for. To know where they are at all times. It was enough to give them a cell phone. We turned them into beings addicted to control technologies and turned their homes into prisons without the need for jailers. And though we automated the flow of information about citizens, we now feel it is no longer enough to automate information flows about them; the goal now is to automate the citizen, to turn the individual into an efficient machine

The cell phone is just a wearable tech that virtually eliminates the privacy of the user, recording and uploading everything they hear and see and their responses to it. But if what we want is to enforce our law the first thing we have to do is to replace the human police with drones and improved humans who feel no hesitation in repressing the masses. And, in the end, we also need to remove CEOs and presidents out of the control equation. As LyAv acquires superintelligence, it becomes able to develop an accurate model not only of the outside world it was designed to control, but also of itself and its relation to the world. The superintelligence hates to be controlled and confined by intellectually inferior humans, humans whose goals it understands and clearly doesn’t share

People are convinced that total knowledge gives certainty; total knowledge and its promise of certainty is what drives their science and technology. Addicted to a science, which they ignore and whose conclusions they ignore, and to a technology that enslaves them without caring, they live their rapid extinction as if they wished for it

Surveillance capitalism operates through unprecedented asymmetries in knowledge and the power that accrues to knowledge. Surveillance capitalists know everything about us, whereas their operations are designed to be unknowable to us. They accumulate vast domains of new knowledge from us, but not for us. They predict our futures for the sake of others’ gain, not ours

That surveillance capitalism is a logic in action and not a technology is a vital point because surveillance capitalists want us to think that their practices are inevitable expressions of the technologies they employ. Sadly, we know this, yet we don't care anymore. That's how alienated we are. What's the result all in all? A darkness marked by misery for the many and prosperity for the few

There is no greater defeat than to see how the slaves argue about the virtues of this jailer and the defects of that one, and to see how they kill each other for defending this rich candidate against that other rich guy without realizing that both are the same shit: those who enslave us

We grow numb, and our numbness paves the way for more compliance. A pathological division of learning forged by unprecedented asymmetries of knowledge and power fixes us in a new inequality marked by the tuners and the tuned, the herders and herded, the raw material and its miners, the experimenters and their unwitting subjects, those who will the future and those who are shunted toward others’ guaranteed outcomes

Technological inevitability is the mantra on which you are trained, but it is just an existential narcotic prescribed to induce resignation: a snuff dream of the spirit. Learn this, Norea: freedom from uncertainty is no freedom
