On Sol-3 bacterial life was the earliest, billions of years ago and is still dominant. It has outlived dinosaurs and other behemoths and would in all likelihood outlive humankind (human species still being most vulnerable to new bacterial and viral strains). So it looks singularly appropriate that in future, the longest living life forms would again be micron or nano sized organisms. This calls to maintaining Cambrian probes in orbit for at least two more millennia

After all criteria are considered, we end up with 13 good candidates for nearby biostars, a fraction of roughly 40% of the nearby solar-type stars, and 7% of all stars within 10 parsecs (excluding a possible incompleteness for the latest M-dwarfs). Three of them, HD 1581 (ζ Tucanae), HD 109358 (β Comae Berenicis) and HD 115617 (61 Virginis) rank especially high in that they have properties reasonably similar to the Sun’s, concerning mass, age, metallicity and evolutionary status. If we relax somewhat the orbital eccentricity criterium and allow for the fact that HD 1581 and 115617 have orbital eccentricities e ~ 0.15, they would rank well in all criteria. We suggest these objects as high priority targets in surveys and in future space interferometric missions aiming at detecting life by the ozone atmospheric infrared biosignature of telluric planets

Presuming biological life is common, Earth’s biosignature would not be outstanding. In other words, to extraterrestrial civilizations would not consider Earth as special, since there are probably many biotic planets closer to them

For alien transmissions intentionally aimed at Earth, such transmissions must originate from a civilization nearer than ~50 light years, since the envelope of these signals (Earth’s radiosphere) has expanded to less than 100 light years from Earth. See, if biotic planets are so abundant that habitability and life alone do not provide a sufficient motivation for alien interstellar exploration, planets with technosignatures may attract alien civilizations to send probes. The probability that a civilization is located close enough to Earth, to detect our radiosphere and send a space probe that would reach the Solar System at present is found to be very small, unless civilizations are extremely abundant (10^8 or more civilizations in the Galaxy). Civilizations may be attracted to send probes at the Solar System by Earth’s radiosphere, but unless they are highly abundant, our radiosphere has not yet reached the nearest civilization

When life arrives at a planet, the planet’s composition is modified (terraformed) based on both the initial composition of the planet and the composition of the incoming life. Life originating from that terraformed planet will then reflect its new composition. We assume that the time required for terraformation is negligible compared to the time required to travel between planets
