No, I think you don't fully get it. We do develop bioweapons that can target only a given population with a given genetic code, so yes, we could target, say, Asians or Caucasians, but there are far easier methods of assassination. If we develop and test these new bioweapons, and if we do invest a lot of time, resources, and efforts in them, is not because we plan to wipe out entire populations of a given genetic type now; it is because we know that in a post-contact scenario we will be forced to face a highly lethal non-terrestrial threat. In other words... we need to know how to develop genetic-specific bioweapons if we wish to defend ourselves from non-terrestrial threats. And there's no other way ahead for us than testing those weapons here and now. We just cannot wait to capture one of those DENIED beings tomorrow; we need to build upon what we have now. Tomorrow is too late

CRISPR-based gene-editing techniques now allow to make biological weapons more deadly and selective, targeting even specific segments of the population and, in the case of DENIED, targeting only genetically differentiated populations. Did you have a look at the kids affected by the D68-2014 outbreak? Did you find a pattern? Well, that's what gene-editing makes it possible

The 2014 test scheme included the deployment of EV-D68 in North America, the deployment of Ebola in West Africa, and the deployment of DENIED in China. The Chinese deployment plan was abruptly aborted, on March, 8th 2014, when we realized at the very last moment that this new version of the MojV virus wasn't performing as expected. The carrier were two passengers in a Malaysia Airlines flight en route to Beijing. We had no option but to down the plane, though we obviously could not do it over populated areas, nor even in any land mass. We had to minimize the risk of accidental spreading of the virus. We crashed the plane with all its 227 passengers and 12 crew on board in the most secure area we found, in the middle of the Southern Indian ocean

In June 2012, three men removing slag from a derelict copper mine in southwestern China fell ill with severe pneumonia and died. Six months later, researchers went spelunking in the mine—an artificial cave hewn from a hillside—in search of pathogens. After taking anal swabs from bats, rats, and musk shrews living in the cave, the team has discovered what it says is a new virus that may have felled the workers

The new virus, named Mojiang paramyxovirus (MojV) after the county in Yunnan province where it was found, joins a growing list of species that share genetic similarities with henipaviruses and members of the Paramyxoviridae family that includes henipaviruses

More people have died from the virus in the last nine months than the total number of deaths since the first recorded outbreak in 1976. The virus has also popped up in enough countries — first Guinea, then Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria, and now Senegal — that the cases add up to the world's first Ebola epidemic

2014: A severe respiratory illness is knocking the wind out of Midwesterners, sending hundreds of children coughing and wheezing to the hospital. The primary suspect in the outbreak is the seldom seen Enterovirus D68 (EV-D68), kin to the common cold’s viral culprit. From 2009 to 2013 the CDC recorded only 79 cases of the virus but in 2014 there have already been more confirmed cases than in any previous year
