the future course of human affairs depends on the future growth of knowledge. And we cannot predict what specific knowledge will be created in the future — because if we could, we should by definition already possess that knowledge in the present

the subjective duration of a virtual-reality experience is determined not by the elapsed time, but by the computations that are performed in that time

Even if what will happen is unpredictable, it is already there, on the appropriate cross-section of spacetime. It makes no sense to speak of my ‘changing’ what is on that cross-section

According to the theory of replicators, the replicator that is best at getting itself replicated in a given environment will eventually displace all variants of itself because, by definition, they are worse at getting themselves replicated. Assume the Universe is one such replicator. In that case, there are no paralel universes whatsoever but just one, the one that is best at getting itself replicated

Human time travel may or may not be achieved one day, but it is not paradoxical, provided the story does not involve getting something for nothing, by way of knowledge or adaptation. If one travels into the past one retains one’s normal freedom of action, but in general ends up in the past of a different universe. It is a general rule that after time travel has taken place the total number of copies of me, counted across all universes, is unchanged

In this parallel universe exists a race of men who speak, judge, reason, solve problems, indeed do most of the things that we do here on our universe, but who are not conscious at all. Even in our universe three thousand years ago, man had no consciousness. Man had no notion of what
I
or
me
means, no idea that people had a mental space inside them. This did not mean there were no social structures, experiences, or language. But it meant that the perception of man’s actions was completely different: People acted at the gods’ command, not because of their own urges. Emotions, desires, and decisions were the result of the gods’ working through man: They were caused by divine intervention

Asking to be allowed to interact with the past environment means asking to change it, which means by definition asking to be in a different snapshot of it from the one we remember. Parallel universes do not have hidden serial numbers: they are distinguished only by what happens in them. This means visitors from the future cannot know our future any more than we can, for they did not come from there. But they can tell us about the future of their universe, whose past was identical to ours

The superintelligence is not only there to control physical events on the largest scale, it is also there to choose what will happen. The question is whether the superintelligence understands that the meaning of our lives consist in being valuable, rather than having the capacity for doing something valuable. It is a crucial distinction, you know

Which of your billions of pasts do you wish to travel to, Norea? And tell us, how many of them do you remember? All those pasts converge into a single present, so wherever you go back in time, and whatever you do once there, your present will remain the same. And tell us, to which of the billions of futures do you wish to travel, and what for? None of those journeys will do you much good, nor will any of those billions of Noreas have the answers you seek. Convince yourself: you are not only alone here and now; you always will be. You always were

We designed the system with parallel universes in order for you to never be able to compute your own future. That way you will never feel like an automaton, or a zombie being. Look, if there are indeed many copies of you with identical past lives and memories, you could not compute your own future even if you had complete knowledge of the entire state of the multiverse. This is because there is no way for you to determine which of these copies is you as they all feel that they are

Evolution provided us with intuition only for the everyday physics that had survival value for our distant ancestors. That's why we are blind to other dimensions and to parallel universes. But that's precisely why altered states of consciousness allow us to have a glimpse of those other dimensions and universes. Now yes, the price is high: madness
