The transformation of capitalist finance into a huge global casino, and of democracy into a reality show, is what has created the current social detachment. The stretching social distance between the poorest and the richest diminishes social cohesion, which in turn means more collective problems −− such as crime and violence −− and fewer resources for solving all our other collective problems. It leads to the vanishing of the middle. It finally results in wars

We live in an age in which the law is of little concern as long as the punishment seems right

This is what always happens in times of war: symbols became more important than reality

Care, Norea, for in killing a dragon, we often risk turning into dragons ourselves

It is a simple design. First, we make sure some people are running ahead and others falling behind. Secondly we erect a barrier that makes it impossible for certain categories of people to access a good life. Thirdly, we establish a hierarchy by turning organisations into a ladder, with some people perched on top and others below. Fourthly, we foster exploitation, in which the riches of the rich derive from the toil and the subjection of the poor and the disadvantaged. Finally, you vote for us

The Coalition of Peripheral Systems instructed us on how to hack those ITS systems. Intelligent transportation systems (ITS) is an essential component of smart cities. When the first ITS systems were deployed in Calton-2075 we contacted CPS to help us hack the network. ITS aims at perfecting decision making in traffic planning and traffic management, so cars, traffic lights, drivers, sensors, roadside units and other public infrastructures get interconnected through the ITS, forming a complex networked system of systems. We injected our virus using a DTS box in one of the traffic lights, gaining access to the entire ITS. For a while we could control subsystems in London-2075 from Calton, in Glasgow

Collapsing traffic in a megacity reduces to hacking the cycle offset, phase sequence, and phase length in key intersections, while at the same time accesing the vehicular wireless communication network and the MMU. Once you gain control of the malfunction management unit the fun begins

We don't want a smart city. We want a fair, equalilty-based city. For us, the smart city is just a city riddled with sensors and video cameras designed to monitor the population. Here in Calton we still have substandard housing, poverty, unemployment and crime, and all the government has offered us is video cameras and fucking ITS
