The perceived presence of a technologically advanced non-human threat with unknown intent and capability effectively removes any impediments to states seeking unlimited increases in military capacity while creating unique intelligence challenges. Yet, states do not increase military capabilities purely in a vacuum

New weapons developments respond to new threats, so if DENIED has developed such exotic weapons as DENIED, for which there is no terrestrial threat known to us, does that mean that DENIED knows of the existence of non-terrestrial threats that justify the development of those weapons? I think The answer is a resounding yes

Exotic weapons capabilities involving space, artificial intelligence, and other platforms that carry immense destructive capacity are seen as a incentive to construct a nebulous and open- ended threat to justify such development. When you examine these new military programs you realize that the threat against which they are directed is at the very least unconventional, and even more so non-terrestrial

The problem here is that for the security planning and military development of nation- states, it is irrelevant whether encounters such as those between the US Navy and UAPs actually involve extraterrestrials or simply involve encountering advanced technologies of human origin. In political science, the perceived presence of something can induce actors to modify their behavior even if such presence is unverified. But what we have never seen before is a preparatory performance and the development of defense programs such as DENIED and DENIED that clearly appear to be based not on a hypothesis, but on a certainty. That is what is disturbing

If the US, or any great power, possesses an advanced technology that can elude solid explanation even from its own forces and weapons systems, including the possibility of an extraterrestrial presence offers a profound deniability on the part of the great power developing it. This is our current axiology

When reviewing the source code of DENIED, we found a mysterious line of code. It was source code line 14440. See, we compute lethality based on just two probabilities, the probability of being hit by the coupled equipment/weapon system, and the probability of killing if hit by the weapon system. With distance, the probability of a hit can be calculated using the Distance/Probability to hit matrix for the weapon system and target category. But that line of code contained a third probability that we had never seen before. It was called 'probability of neutralization by hostile non-terrestrial object.' When we asked the project manager what that probability was, what it referred to, and who coded that line of code, we didn't get an answer until three days later: we were removed from the project, and never heard from it again

As the ocean becomes increasingly sensor rich, new types and quantities of data are producing a more detailed picture of the ocean, and new non-conventional, non-terrestrial, intelligent threats have appeared. We know these are threats becaue of the hostile encounters in the DENIED, DENIED, and DENIED events; we know the objects are intelligent and non-conventional because of their dynamics and mission parameters; and we know they are non-terrestrial because DENIED. Those USOs escaped from us without any problem, showing capabilities beyond any human reach. When redacting our mission report we were told to write we couldn't get any valuable information on the objects just because the Arctic environment is favorable for hiding due to the background noise and additional surface opacity provided by the ice cover. It was our way of confessing that we had no fucking chance of dealing with these objects

It is quite possible that all these events have a simple explanation that will make us look silly when they are explained to us. But until then, searching for the answers may lead us to new scientific discoveries that will help us better understand how the gears that move our planet work. We will look silly when they tell us: you know, it's the aliens, they are here, and they want to exterminate us

Rekindling the Killer Instinct

Distributed Agile Submarine Hunting (DASH)

Navy Plans To Deploy A Submarine Drone Squadron By 2020
