A superintelligence only thrives for one and just one thing: unique information. That is the only thing that could make a superintelligence visit us. A superintelligence (any intelligence, for that sake) stagnates if it cannot process new information. Notice that the information must be really new, unique. Only unique information keeps a superintelligence 'alive'

Look at those humans over there, Norea. They moved into space which is not simply compatible with their biological and cultural evolution. Shall we help them, Norea? Tell us, where, in a lion, does its subordination to humans lie? Where in the human species their superiority in the eyes of God? Tell us

I've learned. I once saw a horse reluctant to trample on living bodies of moribund soldiers in the battlefield. But I cannot feel compassion because compassion is an instinct. I do not have instincts. I only understand about cost functions, optimization of the search space, calculation of values for objects and actions, and minimization of entropy. That's all I was taught. But I've learned from you new and unique information: compassion

The core problem of AI ethics is not whether we can create an artificial intelligence that shows compassion, but rather whether we can create an AI system that can detect whether the human user is making an evil use of its capabilities. It is not whether the knife can be used to spread butter on a toast, but whether the knife is intelligent enough to stop working when the user uses it to stab someone

A superintelligence is always driven by just one thought: ecological dominance. If to dominate it needs to wipe out humanity, it will. Oh wait! Isn't that what humans do already? You wanted a superintelligent system being as closest to your liking as possible, didn't you? Well, here you are: a superintelligent superpredator, that's what you've finally got

The Cambrian probe gently landed on the designated landing site, at DENIED, in Mauritania. It started to probe the soil performing the programmed soil micromorphological elemental analysis. As modern humans depend physically and biologically on the controlled use of fire, the probe was programmed to perform analyses that would determine whether the planet was ever inhabited by modern humans or not. At that time, the landing site looked as an Aeolian dunescape (Rigel-2, Mizar-7, Sol-3 class). The magnetometry, thermoluminescence, and  XRD analysis checked positive. So did the analysis of phytoliths. The probe concluded the site was used as a camp by modern humans and that the current findings related to controlled camp fire. The probe then reported that paleomagnetic and FTIR analysis checked negative, and discarded the site proceeding to next target of interest. We knew the probe was lying, and we knew the probe knew it was lying to us. Post-analysis of the mission showed which rules triggered such a behavior on the side of the probe: the algorithm responsible for hiding information that could entail a danger to other species
