Every form of thought is only an organized system of beliefs. This applies to sciences as well as to religions. A religion establishes links between individuals. They are then called co-religionists. But this system also holds together all the mental arcanes of the human being. His religious conceptions provide him with an interpretation of the world of the world, a meaning to his life, rules of conduct, justify the social structure where he is immersed, explain to him what will happen to him when he dies, and so on. There is therefore a need to protect belief systems, hence the secrecy of parallel activities

After perhaps ten seconds of hovering, the object began to move slowly at first, due west, toward us. It left a buttermilk trail of silvery, scintillating atmospheric ions which gradually faded away. It suddenly shot forward to hundreds of miles per hour, at which time it made a 90 degree turn down and a second right angle back to horizontal, then accelerated to infinity, in approximately three seconds. We all smiled. At that moment we knew our paradigm-shift vehicle was working as expected

At that time I worked as a government-paid witness, or as they called me, a procured witness. My job was to come forward as a witness of a UFO sighting and talking to the press guys by providing them with exaggerated, misstated, and falsified statements. That was part of my task within the entire fabrication activity. Today, they use experienced military pilots as procured witnesses. The Nimitz media tic-tac operation is just an example

The initial test flights of the original PSV involved some 30 helicopters, with blinding search lights and blasting air, flying in the dark of night in order to conceal the PS vehicle. The idea was to test some of its flight characteristics, while at the same time giving the impression the helicopters were chasing an extraterrestrial vehicle, in case there were any unwanted witnesses observing

We need to always guarantee that any of the incident witnesses be federal employees. This cannnot always be guaranteed, and as there are now many more PSVs in use than ever before, more incidents are inevitable. Our job is to turn any incident into a UFO/UAP sighting

Given that humanity is more than just a collection of logic and facts, humans will be highly influenced by cultural and psychological factors. Therefore, reactions will not necessarily be homogeneous, and reality may defy common myths. Our strategy is to craft facts and to manufacture an alternative reality that would mitigate negative psychological factors by the time the annoucement is made. But don't get it wrong: we will not make the announcement because we want to. We will do so because, given the present circumstances, we can no longer guarantee that our experiment will remain a secret any longer

Suddenly I couldn't move my whole body. I felt paralyzed. But I could still breathe even though it was short. I felt a strange air circulating from my feet upwards and stopped above my chest. The humming sound was still audible, but it was a bit fainter. I feeling scared, didn't want to open my eyes, even though at that time I might not have been able to open my eyes at all. Then I heard the operator's voice saying that the transition was over. When I opened my eyes a huge clarity prevented me from seeing. Gradually I regained my sight: I was in the middle of a rice field

That day (15-Feb-05) we were at the test site in Greenock. We were flying DENIED class PSV, which looks like a large yellow conical shape seen from the ground. The main objective of the test, as far as I recall, was to test the performance of the DENIED radar software. The software comprised a set of algorithms whose main purpose is to discern events which collectively exceed chance expectations, and thereby controlling the output. The desired output was to mask the PS vehicle as a rarely encountered natural event. The entire DENIED program is based on disguising the vehicle as a magnetic phenomena in the mesosphere. We want PSVs to look like natural phenomena, you see
