Here the problem is different; here, we want to have two different realities and make them pass as one and the same. Psychedelic drugs do the reverse thing: they distort your perceptions up to the point to make you believe one reality is a totally different one from what it really is. Here, then, our task is to act on the observer in such a way that he gets to perceive two different scenarios as one and the same, disguising the differences either as synchronicities or just mere coincidence. This is certainly opens the door to the possibility of mixing realities without the observer being aware

To be a person, you must have free will, which in turn requires choice-based agency; that is, it requires being able to choose from among alternatives. Choice-based agency must be understood diachronically, that is, extended over time, as opposed to synchronically. This means you, as a person, possess diachronic free will, and therefore you are temporal. If to insert an objective reality A into another objective reality B without the observer noticing it is necessary to modify chronons, then this modification must be made before the observer is able to discern differences between both realities, which implies modifying time and, therefore, annihilating his free will. That's why time travel is strictly forbidden, but that doesn't mean we can't modify time: you can't time travel, but we can modify time to make you believe you've time traveled

Once you are inside Schrödinger's box, in order to maintain your absolute self-sufficiency and independence of the experiment it seems incumbent to uphold your freedom not to die; in other words, it must have been possible for you to not die, regardless of whether the photon opts to follow this or that path. You'll die if, and only if, your choice aligns with that of the photon, which means you still keep your free will intact

The impossibility in question arises from the necessity of the present (or the atemporal realm), which makes it impossible for any agent who has at T decided to do A to be able at T to decide at T to do B in the sense required for free will

For us to collaborate we require the phenomena to be understood as being technologically impossible. That is to say, given the technological limitations of a particular era, no craft could be built that could operate in the manner described in the sightings. So far, this requirement is not met. We do have crafts that can do the things you describe in your sighting reports, albeit you ignore everything about their existence. A different thing is if you could provide reports about phenomena that are physically impossible. The idea is that what is physically impossible is not hostage to the fortunes of future technology or know-how, and hence it would be of our primary interest. Now, do you have any reports about phenomena that are understood as physically impossible? No, you havent'

Look, it is of no interest for us if those objects flew in various directions and to high altitudes, despite having no means of lift or source of propulsion. Our MilOrbs do that. We are not interested either if those objects flew against the wind and turned on a dime despite having no apparent flight control surfaces: again, our MilOrbs can do that. And we are not interested if those objects you report flew at both supersonic and hypersonic speeds at an instant, exerting g-forces which would crush any contemporary aircraft, without producing sonic booms: both our MilOrbs and PSVs can do that. What is of interest to us, and the reason why we are here, is that our MilOrbs and PSVs belong in your future and should not be in your skies. That is what is in our interest. That is what we are really interested in

Now, your position is that miraculous UFO phenomena have been documented and corroborated by many other nations besides the USA, so the sheer size of such a conspiracy would make it difficult to successfully maintain. This would seemingly be a global conspiracy. Our position is there's no conspiracy at all, no miraculous UFO phenomena: there is just a time anomaly, events of the future happening in your present. That's what worries us. For some reason our vehicles behave anomalously and reappear in the wrong skies. That obviously is both your and our problem, not just yours

The problem is not they come from the future. The problem is they come from one of your possible futures, and we ignore which one

After all the malfunction makes our crafts (we, in the future) to pop out in your skies for just a brief period of time, as measured by us. However, the time is passing more quickly in the inside region than it is in the reference frame of the remote comoving observer (you, in the present), which means for us the event lasts just less than a minute, while for you it lasts some 10 minutes. But in the end, warp drives are just inertially moving shells of positive or negative energy material which enclose a passenger region with a flat metric. The main feature distinguishing warp drives from trivial inertially moving low-mass shells is that the large amount of energy contained in the warp shell allows one to modify the state of spacetime inside it

Granted that the isotopic composition of, say, an F-16 aircraft can vary depending on the specific materials used in its construction. However, in general, the most common isotopes present in an F-16 aircraft are carbon-12, carbon-13, nitrogen-14, oxygen-16, and oxygen-18. The average isotopic composition of these elements in an F-16 aircraft is 98.89% C
12
, 1.11% C
13
, 99.63% N
14
, 99.76% O
16
, and 0.04% O
18
. If you now compare that radioisotopic signature with that of objects DENIED, recovered from DENIED, you'll see a striking difference. If we trust our current future climate models the conclusion is those objects come from around 370 years in our future. They have a radioisotopic signature that we would expect for a place like Sol-3 in around the year 3400, after a catastrophic global nuclear event. The analyses show this signature means an atmosphere with a depleted ozone, low levels of rainwater, cold global temperatures. It spells a nuclear winter atmosphere, you see
