The fundamental question of who is going to exert the power of behavioral control is easy to answer: everybody who is aware of the elements involved and undestands how they act upon us will have that power

You are treating the entire population as a patient, as if contact with the others jutifies such an approach, as if establishing contact were a disease. You are prepping society for something you don't even fully understand. You first discovered that psychological reactivity can be influenced by applying a few volts to a determined area of the brain, and then you discovered how to do this at a distant. And what's the result? The result is a psychotic society, created at your liking and image

Society is defenseless against direct manipulation of the brain because it is deprived of its most intimate mechanisms of psychological reactivity. Techno-addiction was the necessary step prior to this

... means and tools to debase mankind's frame of reference by affecting its mental structure, the language humans speak, their beliefs, and their pattern of response..

Your contact strategy with extraterrestrial entities is solely based on biological assault. You see it right, and necessary, even if social and individual needs conflict with that contact strategy of yours. You simply think individual freedom bows to planetary welfare, only that what you consider planetary welfare translates to applying mechanisms to minimize the overall impact of contact with non-terrestrial visitors, regardless of whether this turns society into a mere puppet

Learn this: genetically we are not the masters but the slaves of milleniums of biological history. And that's exactly what your aliens want from you: your biological history

Manipulation of natural resources, climate, and the entire environment for the benefit of mankind is the accepted doctrine, and all of our colossal technological and social engineering efforts are directed towards accomplishing our goals before contact be made

Yes, goverment elites are using supercomputers and think-tanks to precisely calculate the game of destruction and retaliation derived from an aliens and humans encounter; and yes, all the simulations so far show self-destruction is the only way ahead

When we repeatdly showed that emotional behavior can be controlled by cerebral radio stimulation, DENIED multiplied by five its funding of our research program. And when we finally succeeded in designing a fully operational unit, DENIED turned our device into a weapon and used it against some diplomats and CIA officers in Cuba and Colombia. Our device is now just that: a weapon used to induce the Havana Syndrome
