We control the technology that changes your environment, creating at will artificial disasters disguised as natural ones. Degrading the environment in such a way that we can induce demographic changes which, in turn, translate to social unrest and, finally, political changes and wars. We do it in an infinite loop, creating infinite worlds in all of which we are the masters, and you are the slave

It is an uncertain, uncontrollable and independent character of everything happening in your world; an absence of a remote control, any management, no board of directors or head office. It is just another name for the word 'disorder'. It is a carefully crafted and well-planned process of promoting a new ideal of economic slavery, political opacity and global acculturation. The goal is just to spread anti-values that debase your society, and we do it because it is the loss of sociocultural norms, political structures or economic value which accounts for that which notably transforms the identity and institutions of your society

The spread of globalization followed the spreading pattern of a virus, infecting all spheres of human life, from the social space to the technological, cultural, and even spiritual spheres. Once globalization is completed it is easy for us to introduce the sudden reversal in connectivity, a requirement for the global collapse

Development dynamics, primarily of China, questions about the significance of democracy as a condition for economic development. You do not need to be a democratic country to have a buoyant economy. But you do need a democracy so that there are consumers and users: zombies and slaves make the worst consumers you can imagine. The magic is this: Giving a slave the option to choose from a million links is what makes him choose his chains himself and forget his condition as a slave

So your dilemma is whether to accept the feminist nonsense that says that a veiled Muslim is progressivism, the nonsense about the sacrosanct value of private property, which is defended precisely by those who have nowhere to drop dead, or accept the nonsense of extreme right and the nationalists who defend that their miserable hut is better than their neighbors' hut. To discuss whether to vote for this party or that party is a slave dicusion. Learn it once and for all

Within this context, the relationships between climate change, food insecurity and societal collapse can be algorithmically encoded and executed. This way the algorithm drives climate change via consumer demand on food production, which produces emissions directly (e.g. ruminant livestock) and indirectly via industrial capital (e.g. processing factories). The goal is to cause food insecurity that directly contribute to institutional risk factors such as social unrest, political instability and economic inequality, which increase the risk of societal collapse due to institutional breakdown, that may also cascade internationally

Life was the dream.
Are you sad?
Is it because the other has died?
Listen to that bird
singing its last song,
for it is the last bird on Earth,
perched on the branch of the last tree.
And once you all disappear,
you'll leave the world in silence,
a planet with an atmosphere
that smells like death.
You are the last in line.
Breath
