In many cognitive problems, like chess problems or algebra problems, very little emotion is aroused. Therefore, the role of emotions is hardly mentioned in the literature on cognitive problem handling. Some other problems stimulate intense emotional responses, because the problem attacks people’s private life and arouses fear, anxiety, and apprehension, and may even be related to a disruption of the provision for primary needs such as food, water, and shelter. Although some actors may benefit from a problem, more likely, most people will suffer losses as a result of the situation. By their nature most complex societal problems arouse many emotions as they interfere directly in the quality of life of individuals or groups

Knowing how global problems affecting the entire civilization can be solved does not mean that those problems will be solved; there are strong reasons, financial, political or pragmatic, why those problems, which solution is known, will never be solved. For complex societal problems it is often difficult and sometimes impossible to implement or even to know the complete solution to the problem. Yet, for today's society the problem is well-defined: ideology has replaced critical thinking, truth has become a post-truth, and science has become a commodity

Certainly the point is applicable to all three superpowers, where U.S., Russia, and China's power, deluded with the disinformation they project about their local and global position, are incapable of solving either local or global problems. In the eyes of the average citizen the world drifts headless, purposeless, and has become too childish to face one and just one single problem: life

The design of disinformation algorithms is based on the premise that the designers ignore they are designing disinformation algorithms. It is not that the media is disinforming the public, it is that the media 'believes' it is informing. It is not that a certain politician lies in public, it is that he lies to himself in private, too. So, there is a demon who dooms the truth stage but only disguises things at the stage of belief formation. In the hands of such a demon what is false would not seem evidentially to be true, but when one came to form beliefs one would suddenly be forced to believe all sorts of things about the external world despite the evidence
