any pure or applied research that deals with nuclear fission, thermonuclear fusion, antimatter, or any other nuclear reaction, should be severely limited if we wish to avoid a horizontal proliferation of nuclear weapons

these principles are so simple that a country such as Japan, which has the second most powerful ICF facility in the world, is in a far better position today than the United States in 1952 to make a hydrogen bomb. There is little doubt that if Japan decides to build such a bomb, it would work without failure, even without any previous atomic test

we've been donating some 20 million dollars to key members of Congress with decision making power over nuclear weapons spending using the argument that nuclear weapons are needed now more than ever because of recent geostrategic events; maybe it's time to explain to them that we were not refering to either Russians or the Chinese. Call it 'disclosure' if you wish

We will be vigilant in our opposition to any changes that might reduce the number of ICBMs in the U.S arsenal to levels that might threaten the existence of current ICBM bases. Our efforts are aimed at ensuring ICBM funding is maintained throughout the budget process, whoever the president is

We believe in one God, our Creator, Redeemer, and Sustainer who is known through self-revelation as Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. God the Father is holy and sovereign. Yet in his wisdom, God has dared to reveal himself to us as Father in order to make clear to us his personal nature. We do not worship an abstract concept that can be molded to fit our needs, but a personal God who freely chooses us and adopts us as his children. God created everything that exists, including men and women who are created in God's own image. We believe that God's perfect creation has fallen through human sin. We sin when through pride we seek to put ourselves in God's place, or when through sloth or false humility we refuse to be the people whom God has called us to be. We are lost and in need of salvation which God gives to all who believe in and confess Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior

 McKeon or Mike Turner or any other, we do it for a purpose

We have one and the same enemy: the absence of a real enemy. If there's no enemy the entire world would be stagnated, purposeless, devoid of any meaning. This is true both for us and for them. We need a war if we wish to make the world go around

Man remains what he has always been: just dust
