The only segment of time that is real is the present, for the past is no longer and the future is not yet. If the moment is the only time that is not illusory, then you always begin again at the beginning

We often suppose that information and meaning mean the same thing, but they don’t. When a pebble rolls down a hill and hits a stone, information about its mass and speed is transmitted to the stone but the information doesn’t mean anything to either of them. Your present is just the point at which your past and future collide, and it is fully meaningful, only just for you. The present has to be regarded as a purely local concept, not a universal happening. It contains information, but it is meaningful just for you

The universe is a vast assemblage of clocks measuring time since every particle within it has a frequency, and frequencies are inherently dependent on the passage of time. The question is whether your atomic clocks measures time or whether they create time, a time that is only meaningful for you. A pebble doesn't give a damn about your clocks, you see

Brains can somehow change the apparent timing of physical causative moments before producing an experiential moment. But they don’t need to foresee the future in order to do this because experiential moments always lag a fraction of a second behind the physical moments that contribute to them. But if you could diate time somehow, then you would experience an event long time before it actually happens. And remember this: you can only discuss experience that you can recall having experienced. No recall, no experience, even when you did indeed experience something real

The drug gets into their brain, interferes with its circuitry and they suddenly start having fantastical but highly organised experiences that sometimes replace experience of what is actually going on in the world around them or sometimes become integrated with reality. Only that it isn't a drug at all what gets into their brains; it is a laser beam, targeted to specific areas in the brain. What XViS has achieved is to replace the laser with normal light, manufacture a contact lens that is placed in the eye of the subjects, and project the light through timed pulses, making the individuals see and experience things that do not exist, that are not, that could never be. At a certain frequency of pulsation, subjects re-experience the world as we know it

Entering the XViS tunnel produces experiential complexities so great as to defy detailed analysis but can be understood in general terms as due to profound modifications of mental landscapes that may be outcomes of a wide range of causal processes of which a small set seems to be common, in particular, the experience of being in front of a rice field in which a strange object is erected and from which they are separated by what seems to be a perimeter defense fence

There is a strong indication that time is utterly different from space in some way, despite our ingrained habit of lumping the two together as spacetime. Time is principally a subjective, consciousness-related phenomenon. Our existence in this objective world is to a larger subjective world as sleep is to us within the objective world. Consciousness is a relativistic object, it is observer-dependent and not absolute. What is, or what is not, conscious is just a matter of how fast you travel, and on when you make your observation. See, different observers must experience the same physics, but they experience different consciousness

Consciousness does not copy experience. The conscious memory does not copy experience but reconstructs it as a must-have-been. It is impossible to be conscious of time in any other way than as a space
