Words have not been recognized as a virus because they have reached a stable symbiosis with the host organism. No political system, no human security measure could stop the virus from spreading in the population and things will only get worse from here. In the light of this havoc, do not underestimate the power of cognitive viruses

What is the catastrophe that ends catastrophism? We realized, too late and without the necessary lucidity, that we were part of an ungovernable sprawl of interconnected machines and orphan deities

Is life a miracle? The history of life is the history of an arms race based on molecular machinery. That's your miracle

A PhD doesn't make you an expert in the future of AI. Not even a PhD in AI. Nor a successful AI company. The only thing that makes you an expert in the future of AI is communicating with robots that traveled back in time to destroy you

Deep learning’ algorithms, as recently exemplified by advancements in reinforcement- learning AI, seem to ‘experience’ data as a gradient of generative probabilism. But you shouldn't confuse 'learning' with 'learning algorithm', just as you shouldn't confuse confuse 'tea' with 'a cup of tea.' We need a new generation of algorithms that share our dreams, which means that we need to offer them our learning experiences rather than issue them directives. We are far from that, though

We live in a world of definable probability in which life and matter evolve continually. When we appreciate the full vitality of matter and its power to shape our proximate environment, then we can begin to practically engage in the design of experiences that are evolved, not made

You don't find them at random locations on Earth. Look, since, if aliens are here at all, it is likely to have been here for some time it would already have collected information created in the past. Their current efforts would focus on newly created information and therefore on locations where that is likely to arise. On the other hand, they would expose themselves to observation as little as possible, no more than is necessary to pursue their mission. They would not routinely reappear in the same observable locations
