Using autogenic feedback techniques, they have set out to study the general processes, conditions, and contents of consciousness during a state of deep reverie. This combination of reverie and awareness seems to be an essential (though maybe not sufficient) ingredient of communication with them

Reverie is a state of inward-turned abstract attention or internal scanning. We have shown hypnagogia to be, at times, indistinguishable physiologically and behaviourally from sleep. It has also been shown to be a dream state

The mistake? The fatal mistake was our belief that dreaming has to do just with sleep either physiologically or psychologically when in fact that's not at all the case. The function of dreaming is not dependent upon sleep

This altered state of consciousness is not just required to communicate with them, you see, it indeed constitutes a protection from certain harmful effects of both wakefulness and REM sleep. To start with, the beta EEG activity of the subjects engaging in the encounters are those you would expect for a brain with reduced anxiety. If you were in the wakefulness state during the encounter you should probably experience some nasty psychiatric disorders. They know this, they know about our neurophysiology, and so they take all necessary steps to avoid any harm to us

We learned in the 60s that there are no compelling theoretical or experiential reasons why a person could not, with appropriate training remain 'awake' during sleep experiencing a deep oneirosis instead of having partial or complete loss of consciousness. Biofeedback is actually a way to achieve this state, and XViS is our most advanced tool to help subjects to gain control of their own dissociative mechanisms. The problem is XViS also places an individual in a position of contact with many aspects or layers or systems of his personality which in the end interfere with the contact process between DENIED and the individual

since in hypnagogia there is the possibility of holding a dialogue with the unconscious, you never really know whether you are contacting them or just talking to your unconscious, were not because during the encounter they give us precise information about our world that we can check and verify

if physical survival were a primary concern of evolution, should we not by now have developed into non-sleeping beings adjusting the functions of sleep to some form of waking state thus ensuring against our vulnerability during the regularly occurring abandonment in sleep? On the other hand, if DENIED can only manifest in the non-awakening state, doesn't this mean they are not physical beings? Obviously they are somewhat physical - we see them, they see us, we detect their crafts - I mean, it seems as if they are paraphysical, whatever that means

It was like an endless tunnel full of waves of pure colors and light-charged clouds. Colors gradually disappeared and everything around me turned into darkness. I felt scared, but hearing the bleeping of the DENIED sensors kept me mostly tuned into the experience. Then faces appeared as if coming up out of the darkness, as a mist, and rapidly developing into sharp delineation, assuming roundness, vividness, and living reality. They were nice female faces that formed out through another face. The faces also vanished and a dim disc of light suddenly appeared and as suddenly did brighten.
I kept telling me 'I am inside the XViS Machine, people is monitoring my condition out there. No worries'. Then a whirling motion in the light developed into moving figures that came towards me. I realized I was in the middle of a landscape. The landscape was DENIED and I could see the skyline of a city in the distance. The skyline was certainly otherworldy, I mean, the buildings were DENIED and there were DENIED in the sky. There was a high tower of an unsual construction dominating the entire beautiful landscape

We teach the sign language to chimpanzees to establish a communication channel with them, much as Giselians teach us about hypnagogia in order for them to be able to communicate with us. That's how I see it. The communication will go as far as we have gone in talking to chimps. No, we haven't been able to teach a chimpanzee to pilot an F-35, and we won't ever learn how to pilot Tired Light 2. Period
