Statistical complexity measures (SCM) are the composition of two ingredients: (i) entropies and (ii) distances in probability-space. In consequence, SCMs provide a simultaneous quantification of the randomness and the correlational structures present in the system under study. We are interested in the pattern-generation created by the dynamics of the system under study. In this case, such a system is the Cosmos itself

The subject of semiotics is any object, which acts as a means of linguistic description

See, cosmological complexity is represented by a mixture of order and disorder, regularity and randomness. For us stars and cosmological objects are of no interest per se. What we focus on are the voids in between those cosmological objetcs; we are interested in mapping the distribution of points in the Universe devoid of cosmological objects other than the interstellar medium. That is, we look for patterns that emerge when the Universe is taken as a semiosphere. We assign a 1 to stars, and a 0 to empty space, and we then plot the entire visible Universe to see whether a pattern emerges and whether that pattern encodes a message. That's our job here, Sir

clear and functionally mono-semantic systems do not exist in isolation. Their articulation is conditioned by heuristic necessity

The noosphere is a specific stage in the development of the biosphere, a stage connected with human rational activity. biosphere is a cosmic mechanism, which occupies a specific structural place in planetary unity. Situated on the surface of our planet and including within itself the totality of living things, the biosphere transforms the radiated energy of the sun into the chemical and physical, and is concerned with the transformation of the inert inanimate materials of our planet, the noosphere occurs when human rational activity acquires a dominant role in this process

'Complexity' is a concept related to patterned structures hidden in the dynamics, emerging from a system which itself can be much simpler than the dynamics it generates. We built Purple Cascade supercomputer with the sole goal of performing the computations for us. It was only when the analyses were over that we started understanding the message, and it was precisely at that moment that Sv17q stepped in and took control of the entire facilities

The border of semiotic space is the most important functional and structural position, giving substance to its semiotic mechanism. The border is a bilingual mechanism, translating external communications into the internal language of the semiosphere and vice versa

the semiosphere also requires a chaotic external sphere and constructs this itself in cases where this does not exist. Culture not only creates its internal organisation, but also its own type of external disorganisation

eternity

Entropy-based computing is so far a highly restricted and secretive research field. You won't find papers published, and you won't find people stating they are working in this field. It is a supressed area of research. That each civilization in its home planet is just a bit of information inside a cosmologically-sized computer is an existentially sad conclusion, but so far this is what our data show

The 'We-are-them' hypothesis posits that our civilization made it through the Great Filter and created us, leaving a hidden code for us to find in the DNA sequence. Obviously only a stupid and arrogant civilization would systematically persist in leaving simplistic 'Made in Earth' messages. Primitive civilizations attach badges and flags to the surface of their spacecrafts; actually, logos and flags are a sign of stupidity, no matter how advanced your spacecraft is. What would you think of a God who leaves in every piece of His Creation a message like 'Made by God'? In this sense, we respect Giselians in that they never felt the need to sign their creations
