Most advanced alien species will likely have developed forms of communication completely unrecognizable to us

though we do not understand the meaning of those messages, we insist that each of them displays exactly the same logical information content. They correspond to the same underlying set of ground atomic formulæ in the 4-dimensional logical language that we call Cassini Diskus. There is a clear intent to communicate with us, and all of their exploration strategies are meant to acquire data about our environment in order to understand our relationship with that environment and, thus, finetune their communication to match our Earth-specific biology. We think Denebian probes are not just deep space exploration probes: they are engineered messengers that self-organize according to the exotic species with whom they want to communicate. Yes, in that sense they act as viruses sensing a potential host

I'm sure a jellyfish dreams too. In its dreams, a jellyfish is less of a jellyfish, and a dreaming human is also less human, I mean, belief systems and logic dilute in dreams, so I find it more than natural that Giselians based their communication with us through dreams

What we need is a comprehensive integration of the concept of coevolution of life and environment, and we need to fully grasp the essential role this may play in the structure of Giselian environmental sensing systems. That is, we need to understand how we establish a relationship with a logical system of which we ignore everything, a logical system that fundamentally affects how they perceive their world, how they intellectualise that world, and how they communicate it. Understanding how a virus works says nothing about how a virus 'think', much as understanding how the human body works says nothing about what humans think about the world

In the past we thought that, in order to be able to communicate with intelligent beings, we needed a common language, though it is obvious that we cannot agree on a common language because it is impossible to exchange messages prior to having a common language. We therefore had to design a suitable language such that we could teach the other party this language. The main idea was that once they learned the language, they would understand any messages that we send them. On the other hand, Giselians act differently; they first explore our environment, our biology, probably our neural system too, and only after they decide on what language to use to communicate with us. They chose dreams, and for a very good reason

What is really important to understand is that in logic the abstract information content is monotone increasing with the development of the proof, and we should not confuse this information content with the varied representations of it
