One of the most important characteristics of causal Bayes nets is the Markov condition. This condition stipulates that the state of any given variable in a causal model is independent of its non-descendants, conditional on the state of its direct parents

consider a chain causal model where X→Y→Z, and where we want to infer the state of variable Z. The Markov condition states that if the state of Y is known, then the state of X should be irrelevant for estimating the likelihood of Z. The Markov condition is a necessary assumption of any causally sufficient system. If humans are Bayesian reasoners, they should respect this condition

uncertainty plays an important role in causal reasoning; without it, your causal reasoning fails, and that's why is of prime importance to us to constantly introduce uncertainty in your world. You crave for a world in which uncertainty is removed, a world in which every result could be computed beforehand, a world where the future can be predicted at least with a high certainty. That's all your technology does, and that's your dream. Yet, without uncertainty what will become of you? A zombie, a predictable robot, a machine, that is what you'll become in the end were not because we are here, frustrating each and every of your predictions. Hate us if that makes you feel better

You are already tired of wars, and evil. We are already tired of your impotence in changing the state of affairs in your world. Let's try to increase uncertainty much beyond what your algorithms can handle

The age you are living in very often resembles the substitution of what has already been. But to make the substitute effective, in reality, it is necessary that everything loses its essence and becomes a new subject. It does, however, the function, and the feature of a true subject only in appearance. The problem lies in the fact that the loss of essence becomes everywhere apparent. It is not difficult to imagine totalitarianism without essence

Look around. Don't you see everything has non-natural and non-human features because it stems from the essence of the technosphere as a network of artificial intelligence and cybernetic management of the world from gene manipulation to the creation of artificial life from the spirit of a technoscientific laboratory? No, you don't see it. You simply cannot

Prediction belongs to a new moment that differentiates cybernetics from classical modern technology. Management of the environment based on the information gives the possibility of action as technosphere conditions have in itself the effect of feedback

Networks are unreachable. Total control assumes switching from surveillance of the society to the control of society. The state, any state, becomes obsolete in the form of sovereignty because it does not control internal or external politics. Who then does it? Life itself is reproduced in a posthuman state of exception, becoming the core of new economic, political, and cultural conflicts of power. Power for whom, Norea? This uncertainty we give you as a gift: your world cannot afford to prove that superintelligence would be catastrophic. By the time uncertainty is eliminated, it could be too late
