On May 29, 2024 the Transport Minister Anthony Loke announced an exemption of the cabotage policy for all foreign ships engaged in the installation, maintenance and repair of submarine telecommunication cables in Malaysian waters, effective on 1st June 2024, something we knew since January

On December 20, 2013, the AAG broke at about 278km away from Vung Tau. It was repaired on January 4, 2014. On July 15, 2014, the cable broke at 18km off Vung Tau, and was repaired on July 27. On September 15, 2014, a break occurred somewhere near the Vung Tau coast at 11:41 pm, which slowed down Internet services offered by Viettel and VNPT, FPT and STP. On September 29, 2014, a break was identified at about 68km from Hong Kong’s coast, while the repair of the AAG cable cut near the Vung Tau coast on September 15 was still going on

Annex C, under Missing MH370 and Telecom Executives section, states that the SEA-ME-WE 5 finally came to implementation after almost 8-year’s planning. It quotes reports stating SEA-ME-WE 5 finally concluded its C&MA on March 7, 2014. Malaysian Airlines Flight MH 370 had disappeared with 227 passengers and 12 crew members on March 8, 2014, the day after the signing of SEA-ME-WE 5 agreement in Kuala Lumpur. Ms. Hualian (Happy) Zhang, the co-chair of Network Planning for China Telecom Global, was among the ill-fated passengers of KL-Beijing flight, and she was already compromised quite before the incident by SV17q

... because according to the Confidential Incident Report, Annex C, China was never really interested in finding the MH370. China's interest was and is identifying who were responsible for CTG's co-chair Hualian Zhang's sudden disappearance on MH370. That makes a difference. For China, Hualian Zhang's disappearance raised concerns about potential threats to the SEA-ME-WE 5 project and other national interests..

Happy” Zhang was the former IMC co-chair of SEA-ME-WE 5. On March 8th, 2014, immediately after the SMW5 signing ceremony, Happy boarded the ill-fated Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 (MH370) which was lost over the Southern India Ocean. On January 19, 2015, the Malaysian government officially declared the disappearance of MH370 an accident and announced that there were no survivors, which marked the very sad ending of this tragic accident

Annex C of the Confidential Incident Report (CIR-04567.45) includes two intercepted emails from Zhang, the ones she sent on her way to the airport on March 7th, 2014, related to SEA-ME-WE 5. Right before boarding, she finished editing the SEA-ME-WE 5 news release and sent out the last words to DENIED, stating SEA-ME-WE 5 is an important submarine cable for CTG to connect South East Asia, Middle East and Western Europe. Combined with the existing submarine resources of CTG, it can provide high speed, high capacity and high security channel from Asia-Pacific to Europe. The second email was sent to DENIED. It was a one-liner with an alphanumeric sequence

In August 29, 2019 a United States government regulator was finishing his recommendation to initiate the blocking of the construction of an 8,000-mile long undersea cable linking America with China, allegedly due to national security concerns. Washington had never before halted the construction of undersea cables, which form the global backbone of the Internet by facilitating nearly 100% of Internet traffic. The idea was to delay the construction until DENIED team could finish testing the new backdoor and wiretapping technology. As much of the undersea cable network was in the process of being replaced by modern optical cables fitted with the backdoor, it was considered essential to force the construction delay

the vast majority of the length of undersea cables is in almost lawless international waters. And the toothless nature of the international laws that do protect the lines mean that enemies begin to cut these lines as soon as it suits them. Chances are you could tap a fiber line faster than it would take to install a new update on your iPhone. On the other hand, intentional infiltration against the network management systems of submarine cables is a well-paid job, you see

Today, submarine fiber optic cables provide the vast majority of international telecommunications, some 95% overall. Submarine cables carry an excess of 10 trillion [U.S. dollars] a day in transactions. The international community’s reliance on submarine fiber optic cables cannot be underestimated. From the Internet to phone and bank services to science and military uses, it is not an exaggeration to say that the submarine fiber optic cable has become the foundation of our modern digital society, and one of the most important drivers in globalization

Nowadays it takes equipment costing under €500, about 10 minutes for the undersea cable tap installation and some persistence in finding the optical fiber in the right manhole

Dec. 28, 2010: Alcatel-Lucent SA has agreed to pay more than $137 million to settle U.S. charges that it paid millions of dollars in bribes to foreign officials to win business in Latin America and Asia. The settlement of US$137 million (RM413 million) by Alcatel-Lucent SA (AL) with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department of charges of bribery of government officials in Costa Rica, Honduras, Taiwan and Malaysia, is damaging to the image of Malaysia. There are many issues of governance and corruption to observe

Building and laying an undersea cable is a complex endeavor. It is logistically intensive, as it involves many companies across the cable supply chain, requires sufficient expertise to lay cables across thousands of miles in the ocean, and typically necessitates engagement with multiple countries’ governments. It is also expensive: a single undersea cable can cost hundreds of millions of dollars to build and lay along the ocean floor. International collaboration to fund, build, lay, operate, and repair undersea cables is a generally necessary feature of the industry

IP addresses that map to the cable link would be owned by one of the cable owners and located close to the landing points in the cable owner network. Moreover, the DNS pointer record (PTR for short) that provides the domain name associated with these IPs would comprise both geo-hints and hints about the cable

Subsea cable activity is geopolitically challenging in the South China Sea. Cable builders find it increasingly difficult to receive Chinese permits for cable deployment in this region. Builders of the planned Apricot cable hope to avoid this problem by linking Japan to Singapore via the east side of the Philippines. Soon you'll learn to translate cable topology to geosrategic military movements

Across the world, 65 percent of cables have a single owner, while 33 percent have multiple owners and 2 percent have unclear ownership. 59 percent of undersea cables are privately owned, alongside mixes of state ownership (19 percent), public-private ownership (19 percent), and unclear ownership (3 percent). These figures do not include secret military cables, nor the DOLYN system

Many undersea cable landing stations are left overly exposed to natural disaster events or lack the most basic physical security measures. Yet, historically, commercial fishing has accounted for more than 40 percent of all submarine cable faults worldwideS. ubmarine cable operators and commercial fishing are the two principal marine industries making use of the seabed. Commercial fishing-related damage is most often caused by bottom-tending fishing gear such as trawl nets and dredges, but it is also cause by long lines anchored to the seabed and pot and trap fisheries using grapnels for gear retrieval. But you should see those allegedly fishing ships: most of them are military ships that, 'by accident', cause damage to submarine cables

So when the Islamic State militant group, commonly known as ISIS, emerged in Iraq in 2014, the Swedish firm Ericsson went to extreme lengths to keep operating there. Between 2011 and 2019, Ericsson and its vendors bribed public officials, paid protection money and exposed employees and contractors to dire threats, an internal company report shows. Ericsson did this even as it negotiated a settlement of charges that it had violated anti-corruption laws elsewhere in the world

With the U.S. and other major democracies relying heavily on Ericsson while China uses Huawei equipment almost exclusively, smaller Asian and African countries have become primary battlegrounds. Both companies have been accused of paying bribes and other abuses to win contracts and secure control of more territory

because since DENIED designed, manufactured and deployed a special type of submarine cable that served to triangulate the position of nuclear submarines in the area, the whole geopolitics changed; and because when the last phase of the DOLYN network was activated the submarine world became transparent. Then the theory of mutually assured destruction was blown up. Now all that remains is to choose the day on which the third world war will start
