World Order Models Project (WOMP), was an international group of researchers and scholars established in 1968 to explore alternative futures. WOMP created two versions of future worlds taking existing structures of power and social relations as implicit givens from which future trends were extrapolated; they provided no basis for considering the possibility of changes in these structures, though, while LyAV is programmed to propose all kind of feasible solutions

The DENIED group proposed that if current power structures cannot be changed, maybe it is time to put in effect a change in human genome. We fully align with this position. We now have new genetic technologies capable of making heritable changes to the human genome. Of the two available technologies - CRISPR/Cas9 to edit genes in nonviable in vitro fertilization (IVF) zygotes, and mitochondrial replacement therapy (MRT) - we favor the second one because it can be applied massively and silently without the required consent of the patients. Consent is irrelevant for the simple and sufficient reason that there are no relevant people in existence capable of either giving or withholding consent to these sorts of changes in their own germline

The state is not benevolent. The state is the state. It does not have a morality. Anthropological approaches to the individual components and actors within the state may serve to show us its humanity, its diversity, its lack of uniformity, but still, the state is going to act in the interests of its own self-preservation and authority to govern. If it did otherwise, it would cease, by definition, to be the state

many reproductive choices involve identity-changing interventions (e.g., different month of conception, different egg and sperm, therefore different resulting embryo), disregarding the relevance of such consents as this potential child’s only chance of existence. Therefore, as long as the best guess is that the child’s eventual life would not be unacceptably awful, it would be in that child’s interests to be created

We will at some point have to escape beyond both our fragile planet and our fragile nature. One way to enhance our capacity to do both these things is by improving on human nature artificially

Greed in human societies may manifest as a complete disregard for nonhuman animals and the environment. This is why humans is a deeply biophobic species. Our point is this condition is inevitable in humans, except if genetically treated

The new world order will call for a rather solid balance of power and interests, new models of the supranational government and coordination of the global processes, and new ideologies. We have advanced in the first requirement, but we are lagging behind in what concerns supranational government. As for new ideologies, we have succeeded in debasing traditional ideologies, though we still need to reinforce our debasing strategies for religions, in particular the Islamic religion, that we have long identified as a burden that we need to get rid of globally

Modulating the global behavior of nine billion beings, divided into nationalities that hate and compete with each other for increasingly scarce natural resources, on an increasingly hostile planet, cannot be done by means of laws, agreements, or by imposing legislative solutions. Nor can the growing social unrest be controlled through police or military means. The only possible solutions are the non-solution of planetary rewilding through a terminal thermonuclear war, or the massive genetic modification of the genome of the species. All the rest are patches and lies soaked in honey

It is the lack of legitimacy that threatens the very fabric of a global order. What country, what institution or organization has the legitimacy to impose a world order? None. What ideology is free from the sin of greed and racism? None. Perhaps it would be best to do away with the very concept of race, nationality, or even species. Barriers between nation-states might be transcended by a commitment to the higher cause of our common humanity, but the problem is we haven't found that higher cause yet
