human colonies are mainly distributed over much of coastal areas. An energy surge-sink analysis allows to easily map the overall distribution of human colonies all over the planet. Most colonies consist of a single nest connected to smaller nests through well defined trails leading out to satellite nests. The distribution of larger and smaller colonies does match the energy surge-sink networks

The destruction of larger nests does not cause the destruction of satellite nests, therefore the destruction strategy should be applied nest by nest. Energy surges should be destroyed along the nests

The interaction between 2 adjacent nests involve a two-way movement of humans from one nest to the other. Destruction of one nest implies a massive transfer of humans from the attacked nest to the next adjacent nest

Direct encounter with a single human lasts approximately 9 seconds. Humans exhibit a complexity of territorial and aggressive behaviour and engagement always follows a ritualised protocol. As these are evolved behaviour patterns, there is clearly a payoff between the cost of sacrificing humans in battle to the extra gain to access to a resource achieved by death of the contacted human compared with the energetic cost of ritual battle

You need to understand that these orbs are not simply machines, no matter how advanced they are. They are more like... I mean... ants, life forms. They do not simply sense the surrounding environment the way we do with our aircrafts. For what we've seen all along these years, and after analyzing a vast amount of data about human-Giselian interactions and encounters, their 'probes' behave more like what you would expect from two different species having an encounter in a forest. More specifically, we have used NodeSpaces to find out what patterns do match those ones we have studied and the result was that, to all effect, the highest correlation score was the one showing the encounter of 2 ants of the same or antagonistic colonies

We have a complete set showing points in the behavioural sequences at which the contacts happen. We now have a full understanding of the phases of the repertoire and we have been able to modify the traditional way these encounters are run. No more scrambling of jets, no more chasing lights, no more lock-ons of radar. We now instruct the pilots to follow a specific engagement protocol which, you see, it is the most promising approach

In the past we always executed our COAs according to strict air warfare theory. Today, our course of action is based on biology, and not on military theory. Only that way have we been able to extend the duration of the interactions and to make of the encounter a successful learning experience

An encounter always begins with 2 object approaching head to head: the orb, and our aircraft. We send pulses towards the object at specific frequencies, and the object responds sending back a train of pulses. We match the characteristics of our signals to theirs. This stage is called 'active antennating'. This approach is the one ants follow, you see. In ants, antennating occurs vigorously, the antennae being applied to the sides of the head and alitrunk. If the ants belong to the same nest, contact is broken, each ant grooms its antennae several times with the combs on its front legs, then passes the front legs through its mouthparts. They then move off on an irregular, looping path until another ant is contacted. Similarly, we try to mimick this behavior each time we engage in a contact with Giselians

All we can ever know about them is through interacting with them. The question is how to interact with them. We always assumed that as they are far more advanced than we are, it should be taken for granted they will design the interaction to match our limited capabilities. But this is not at all the case. The new contact paradigm suggests that a UFO acts as a life form and that the UFO is therefore associated with a collection of interactions with other objects; we reproduce those interactions. So far we have been able to be 'accepted' as a sort of handicapped member of the flock such that we have been able to fly with them. During a wonderful transect (the so-called Armadillo Transect) our PSV flew in the middle of a formation of 5 UFOs, just as a member of the group. Within our limitations, we mirrored all their maneouvers, no matter how weird they were from a tactical point of view. At a given point, the formation performed some maneouvers out of our capabilities, so we simply kept flying. They stopped and came back scorting us, as if we were a wounded member of the flock that needed help somehow

Consciousness is not limited to human beings or even to biological life forms. It is an emergent property of complex systems, and the complex system here is not just the UFO, the aircraft, or the crew. The complex system here is the encounter itself
