Nil communication solves the problem of how to send a message without sending anything at all

Information can be disembodied. Communication may not be so physical after all

When we assume that zero change to the past implies zero change to the present, we impose the information structure of the present universe onto its past structure – that is, we assume that everything will turn out the same, except for those events (and their chaotic interactions) that were changed in the past. Unfortunately for aspiring time travelers, this notion is false

quantum information can be transferred from one atom to the next by using phantom photons: the intermediate states where the quantum bit is carried by a photon inside a cavity or inside a fiber need not be fully populated. Neither energy conservation nor causality are vio- lated. Losses due to photon absorption inside the cavities can be diminished this way

... stating that the job was to use multiple instruments to monitor the amplitude and phase of electromagnetic fields in space over time and compare them to a baseline allowing them to discern the presence of encoding. He added that, in so doing, that is, by listening in on ETI quantum communications, the team caused information to be lost, which means the ETI realized we were listening in and so they became aware of us

Quantum communications, via photons, can travel large distances across the universe. By intercepting an encoded message, humans exposed themselves on Sol-3. This means that the civilization responsible for the signals already knows of our own existence

Yes, we are valuable to them. DP-2147 seems to a probe seeking to recruit humans to transmit directly to other civilizations, since we have much larger telescopes, and have access to larger quantities of energy than are immediately available to the probe. Sol-3, in effect, has become its node. The signals sent by DP-2147 are instructing us on how to communicate by means of giant terrestrial lasers and 10-meter-class optical telescopes or kilometer-class (FAST, MeerKat, Square Kilometer Array) radio telescopes to the nearest civilizations. The probe is not simply bouncing back all the signals we have sent: it is persuading us to transmit the intelligence it had gathered on Earth but not yet transmitted to its progenitor civilization in a format that the progenitor might understand, but that might be unintelligible to us. That's my take on what DP-2147 is actually doing

DP-2147 is tracking a single location on the Earth: DENIED. But look, humanity is unprepared for contact with extraterrestrial technology in general, and most particularly from contact with an ET probe in Earth’s immediate vicinity, so better for us to keep DP-2147's existence out of public knowledge

To phone home, we need some form of electromagnetic radiation, which is brighter than the resolution-limited surroundings for at least some wavelength and for a short time frame. This is not an unsurmountable problem. But when your home is located in a parallel world, then my friend the problem is simply unsolvable. That's what we learned from project Amberglow

The body activates place. But the same is true in reverse: Place activates the body. Consider in this light the logical impossibly of being no-where. The possibility of experiencing a voided space presupposes having a body to survey that absence. Similarly, the notion of being displaced from one location requires that we are already in another place to observe that movement. We do not, therefore, encounter place as disembodied subjects, occupying an incidental relation to our surroundings. At all times, our bodies are instrumental in placing us

Embodiment is an active engagement with the world, such that the body becomes indispensable in the formation of the spatiality of the world, rather than simply running alongside the world. Not only does the body become constitutive of the world, but the world itself is possible only through the experience of embodiment. Because of this close alignment between world and body we recognize the body as the center of experience, perception, and, above all, the kinesthetic sensation of moving in place. Only because the body occupies a specific location is the dimensionality of spatiality possible as such. So yes, we need to take their bodies, we need to get into their minds and take control of their bodies if we wish to fully experience their world. Doing this without damaging their minds is crucial, though

If all space and time, having come into contact with the event horizon, is said to be inescapable from the pull of the black hole, and when thrust into the void fundamentally warped beyond all recognizability, then whatever is returned from the hole in a reconstituted form necessarily remains blind to its own experience, necessarily becomes alien. That is, even if we consider the reconstituted body as resembling the previous one, then the very act of having survived the black hole places a rupture at the heart of identity, leaving the unity of selfhood exposed to violent disunity
