I am X””, which replaces the very state that the Self wanted to formalize

if the data we wish to explain are irreducibly first-personal, then any third-personal scientific approach cannot adequately describe our explanandum, let alone provide an explanation. At best, it can give us an account of the third-personally observable phenomena that are correlated with first-person experience; but that’s not the same as explaining first-person experience itself

if I ask the question of why I am having my conscious experiences rather than those of someone else, the one-world picture can’t give me an answer. It can’t even point to any indexical fact in response to that question, such as the fact that I am who I am, because no such indexical fact holds at the world simpliciter; it holds only for me

The location of each subject’s conscious experiences and dreams is not the world as such, but a subject-specific first-personally centred world. The first-personally centred worlds of different subjects can be viewed as distinct first-personal realizers of a shared third-personal world. If the third-personal world admits more than one conscious subject, then there can be many first-personally centred worlds, which are all real and parallel to each other. For each subject, one such world is present

There are many parallel first-personally centred worlds, all of which are real, but only one of them is present for each subject. There is only one dream per dreamer, regardless of the number of dreams. And to dream all those dreams you need to be all the dreamers one by one. Unless you find a way to dream of a dreamer, and dream what that dreamer dreams

Most systems of logic stick too close to human ways of reasoning. We tend to forget that although all signs refer, not all signs refer in the same way. Anyway, logic is not a cross-species universal

If we ever do carry on a conversation with intelligent extra-terrestrials, it will essentially be in one of the following three ways: 1) we can somehow learn their sign system(s), 2) they can somehow learn our sign system(s), or 3) we can co-construct some novel sign system(s) together. In SETI, the first option seems most likely, whereas in METI the second option seems most likely. The third option seems to require some rudimentary success in the first two options, since it is hard to see how two parties could co-construct a novel sign system without a minimal prior grasp of each other's meanings. In any event, the learning curve that all three possibilities must travel can be made less steep by correct anticipations: the more our messages resemble what exominds expect, the less they will have to work to understand us

We are not, after all, dealing with children whose intellectual faculties have yet to come to term, but with exominds presumably capable of sophisticated technological accomplishments (sophisticated enough, at any rate, to detect our emissions)
