the devices are fitted with a motile, external digestion feeding module and move in a sediment-parallel manner. The device can have between 10 and 70 different modules and it grows in an isometric fashion by addition of new modules. Once the device attaches to the seafloor it starts the sequence of biomat generation. In its basic configuration the device appears as a waffer of 2mm in diameter with no axis of symmetry, and shows the general organization of a multinucleate syncytium (fiber cells) sandwiched between an upper and lower cellular epithelium

The synthetic dickinsoniids several nanosensors; the hydrodynamic voltammetry is based on a 400 micrometers-thick layer of glutamate in a 0,78 mM phosphate buffer containing 50 mM of NaCl. It is also fitted with a probe of ferrocene- and single stranded DNA-conjugated nanoparticles whose function is to detect specific microoganims in order to check that the biomat is developing as per specifications

Gene-1248 is the name of an electrochemical biosensor which is deployed as a swarm. Electrochemical biosensors provide an attractive means of analyzing the content of a biological sample due to the direct conversion of a biological event to an electronic signal. Gene-1248 is based on the coupling of two different nanostructured materials (gold nanoparticles and fullerenols)

Life is both a process and an important geophysical and geochemical phenomenon. If we accept that life is produced by a certain environment, and it changes and alters the environment to adapt itself to it and adapt the environment to itself, we can then assume a redesign from scratch will always converge to the same final solution given the same initial geophysical and geochemical conditions. Life is very easy to create under the proper physical and chemical conditions. What is not so trivial is to force into the cell the ability to distinguish self from nonself, unless an intelligent being acts on those cell from the exterior, which leads us back to the question of where did that intelligent being come from in the first place

Our artificial rangeomorphs are devices with the ability to utilize inorganic compounds and convert them into organic matter. They also modify their own nature abiologically developing morphological complexity. They can induce sedimentary structures as a result of their physical interaction with the sedimentary dynamics

The goal of the mission is to fast forward the target planet to a precambrian state. But it also has a second, more ambitious goal: to get Sol-3 STO-8My back to a Cambrian state once the entire biological life has effectively collapsed. The seeding would start somewhere in the Nubian plate. We estimate full recovery of biodiversity around 10 My after present
