
Feral entities are human and non-human actors that subvert human infrastructure to better suit their needs

The idea we have about artificial selection is the one in which humans intentionally select and breed organisms with specific traits for desired outcomes, such as higher crop yield, better taste, or specific physical characteristics. But what if humans themselves are selected by a superintelligence? If a population is being artificially selected by a superintelligence, patterns in selection may seem more arbitrary or focused on specific traits that are not necessarily advantageous neither in the natural environment, nor for the environment. This is exactly what we observe in the behavior of humans; it is as if they were artificially selected to transform the environment in a way which is detrimental for them, but maybe not for another unknown intelligent species, the species that selected humans as, say, terraformers

We have fed the AI system with environmental data from the Paleolithic to the present day. The idea is that by closely studying the environment in which the human population exists, we can assess whether the conditions are natural or artificially created by a superintelligence. If there are signs of manipulation or control in the environment, it may suggest that the population is being artificially selected, and that's what we've found

According to LyAV superintelligence, a superintelligence would program humans with advanced cognitive abilities and the capacity for self-awareness and critical thinking. The superintelligence would ensure that humans have complex emotions, desires, and beliefs that make them feel uniquely human. This strategy also requires to create a rich and diverse world for humans to inhabit, filled with complexities and uncertainties that challenge their understanding of reality

To prevent humans from guessing they are robots, LyAV would implant false memories and experiences that reinforce their belief in their humanity. It would also create a network of social interactions, relationships, and cultural norms that reinforce their sense of identity and connection to one another. By immersing humans in a dynamic and ever-changing world that constantly stimulates their senses and intellect, this would make it difficult for them to question their own nature

That a natural process is algorithmic does not mean it is artificial. The growth of mineral crystals inside rocks, orbital mechanics, wildfires, and other natural phenomena are clearly algorithmic processes. There are many natural phenomena that are algorithmic. Certainly, on DENIED beach, it is most likely that several natural processes coexist and conspire to produce, as a whole, a clearly algorithmic behavior of its waters. What happens is that we have not identified these processes, nor do we know why they only occur in this and the other two beaches that we have detected so far

In general, a supercomputer would not have inherent ability to distinguish between a natural phenomena and an algorithmic phenomena created by another supercomputer without specific programming or algorithms designed for such a task. The supercomputer would need to rely on set criteria, data analysis, and potentially quantum machine learning techniques to make this distinction, and even in that case you need to recall we are here talking about humans building a supercomputer to help them discern whether they were created by a superintelligence, something that the superintelligence would already know that humans would do in advance and for which it would obviously have taken appropriate measures

Natural phenomena are not typically viewed as algorithmic in the same way that processes in computer science are. Natural phenomena are driven by complex interactions between physical, chemical, and biological systems, and are often influenced by unpredictable factors. While there may be patterns or mathematical models that can describe some aspects of natural phenomena, they are not strictly algorithmic in the same way that technology or computer programs are

DENIED is an algorithmic beach, and we have already found two of them. It is an artificial beach, to all intents and purposes, and perhaps it is an anomaly, a flaw in the algorithm that has allowed us to unmask its true nature. See, an algorithmic landscape is a dynamic and fascinating landscape where the power of computation and data analysis is on full display. This is a technology so otherwordly, so advanced, that we could hardly differentiate it from a natural landscape, if there is such a thing as a 'natural landscape'

It's not a matter of us ignoring that we are algorithmic beings, no matter how much we believe we are the product of natural selection. It is about trying to discover the algorithm that guides us in order to decipher the logic of those who created us. But if all this is disturbing, you can always take refuge in natural selection and your theory of evolution and live happily in ignorance

Dog breeding is a perfect example of how humans select for desirable or fashionable traits. Human breeding is a perfect example of how others select for metabiological traits
