The resilience of GPS and other navigation systems against spoofing and other forms of interference was not under question. This was not a spoofing attack, it was just a miscalculation, a miscomputation, and a major malfunction of the entire system

Like we did in the past, security agencies and military organizations were involve in the exercise ran in precious motnhs. Spoofed signals were used to test the resilience of the systems. Simulating GPS spoofing attacks was a standard procedure to evaluate how well the navigation systems, protocols, and personnel respond to such threats, identifying weaknesses and areas for improvement. The only difference this time was that the entire exercise was controlled and executed by an AI system

Exercise GlowDawn aimed at creating an illusion of an extraterrestrial UFO. This is a routine exercise designed to test resilence of military air defense systems. It comprised GPS spoofing, that is, the transmission of false GPS signals to mislead a GPS receiver about its actual location. By spoofing GPS signals, we can manipulate the perceived location of a military vessel. For instance, if the vessel is in a specific geographic area, the spoofing platform makes it appear as though it is in a different location, closer to a designated area where the fake UFO is intended to be seen. The spoofing platform is programmed to simulate erratic movements typical of UFO sightings, and this involves rapidly changing the vessel's reported speed and direction, creating the illusion of a highly maneuverable object

At specified time, the three civilian and the two military vessels were targeted. Their visual displays and sensor systems were fed with data that corresponded to the spoofed GPS information, showing a UFO in the vicinity. Drones programmed to fly in patterns that match the spoofed GPS data were then deployed, reinforcing the illusion. Additionally, comms were jammed to further create confusion and surprise among the crew, amplifying the psychological effect by the use of sound and light effects that are often associated with UFO sightings. All in all, it was a classic resilence exercise

In April 2019, the GPS system experienced a week number roll over, which occurs every 1,024 weeks (approximately 19.7 years). This event caused some GPS receivers to misinterpret the date and time, leading to potential disruptions in services that rely on GPS for accurate timing. While the event itself was anticipated and managed by most modern systems, some older devices experienced issues

Occasionally, individual GPS satellites may experience technical issues or anomalies that can affect the accuracy of the signals they provide. For example, in 2016, a GPS satellite experienced a malfunction that temporarily affected its ability to provide accurate timing information. The GPS Week Number Roll Over (WNR) event that occurred in April 2019 was a significant occurrence in the Global Positioning System (GPS) that affected many GPS receivers, so we thought we had learned lessons from that event, although that event happened before the deployment of AI-based decision-support systems

The third GPS Week Number Roll Over (WNR) event took place on November 21, 2030. It was the third rollover since the GPS system was launched, following the previous rollovers that occurred on August 21, 1999, and April 6, 2019. It was initially scheduled for April 6, 2030. The WNR event went without issues. WNR are pre-programmed into the GPS satellites, you know. In 2030 the European Union's Galileo network used a 12-digit week number and was scheduled to rollover in February 2078. Similarly, the next rollover event for the 13-digit week number of the Chinese Beidou network was set to January 2163

Nobody wants to repeat the 2019 rollover disaster, the crash of the New York City Wireless Network, the communications systems failure of Australian Bureau of Meteorology's weather balloons, airlines flights delayed or canceled due to a failure of the aircraft flight management and navigation software, and many other minor and major events that we witnessed in 2019. We've taken necessary measures to prevent those incidents for next rollovers

The GPS week number rollover of 2019 created an unanticipated software fault that affected both data collection and Iridium communications at the AAL-PIPs. The GPS week number rollover of 2049 was a different thing, a different situation, different actors, lots of UAPs in the sky, and led to a catastrophic result

Traveling to remote locations on the Antarctic Plateau requires significant expenditures of resources as well as cooperation from the weather. After several canceled attempts to fly out to the field, a team was finally able to land at PG0 (83.67ºS, 88.68ºE) on 6 January 2020. Weather and fuel conditions only allowed for a short visit of around 30 min. As this allotment of time would not facilitate digging out the electronics box to disconnect the GPS cable, the field team instead attempted to climb the solar panel tower and disconnect the GPS antenna. Years of wear and frigid temperatures presented challenges in disconnecting the antenna, and eventually the decision was made to abandon this effort. A final attempt to attenuate the GPS signal by shielding it proved equally in vain. As a last-ditch effort to restore communications to the system, the field team was advised to cut the GPS antenna cable at the base of the tower. After manually cycling power, the team left the site. The system at PG0 successfully established communications with the server before the field team landed back at South Pole Station, thus proving beyond doubt that the GPS module was the source of the communications fault

The solution described in the fault recovery section involved checking the reported time against some epoch, and only adding an offset if the reported time was incorrect based on that comparison. This solution will only work until the next GPS rollover in 2038. Ideally, the systems will go through a hardware refurbishment before then, and newer GPS modules using the 13-digit standard can be installed. This rollover will not occur until 2137. A rollover of a different kind will also occur in 2038, that of the signed integer time using the Unix epoch date of 1970. Though an entire adolescence will occur between now and that point, it is never too soon to consider what problems may arise as a result

Ocean Bottom Seismographs (OBS) have one of the most stringent requirements for timing. They are often deployed at deep sites for intervals of around a year. Ideally the clock in an OBS would be accurate to within 1-10 milliseconds at all times throughout the year. This suggests a clock stability of roughly 3e-11, a challenge even for many Rubidium oscillators

Out of the 40 CSACs we have received 4 have experienced a hard failure. Three of these exhibited a vacuum failure in the lab. The fourth had unusual electronics problems in our lab, but experienced a vacuum failure en route to the manufacturer for analysis, and thus nothing more was learned about it

Only an imbecile can think of launching all the positioning satellites in two batches, all of them carrying an atomic clock made by the same manufacturer, a clock that experienced a vacuum failure. The clocks failed one after the other and that doesn't seem to be a coincidence. In my opinion it was intentional

Knowing when to apply a linear correction and when to apply a quadratic correction would be problematic. Finally, this complicates the post processing significantly, and requires a change to procedures which have been proven over hundreds of years of data sets

Your techno-civilization depends on global positioning and advanced communications. Both of them depends on atomic clocks. Tamper with these clocks, and your techno-civilization reduces to dust

In 2049, atomic clocks were optical lattice clocks that combined a large atomic number with the ultra-narrow optical transition. Their performance was hampered by a technical noise source known as the Dick effect, which occurs when an oscillator is only periodically observed. Long-term instability was typically limited by systematic drifts, so the idea of using an AI system to further reduce and control the uncertainties to provide improved instability was a natural choice. A bad decision, as can be seen from what happened

Look at them. They like to hack the sun and other light sources, even fire. They plug wires to feed their buildings, spaces, furniture, and often themselves. Light is their energy and food. Their heroes are a plant-like archaic species, which they archive and preserve in transparent museum- like boxes, with the attention and respect that is typically reserved for jewelry, precious stones, or art. This place sounds unfamiliar, even scary. And yet, you don’t care whether it is good, bad, popular, or trendy. You must find it now. An entire civilization wiped out by a single event upset. Unless the single event upset was the civilization itself..
