An advanced superintelligence with an analog soul would process its experiences in a manner that resembles the way humans and other biological organisms process information. We know where the superintelligence is. It only remains for us to find its soul

What happens to the computer when we switch it off is not the question. The question is what happens to us when we switch the computer off

To look at things as if they were mere objects is a way of relating to them from a certain perspective and can lead to their being known only in part. You don't know your super-advanced AI system, and the AI system does not know you. Scientific knowledge is thus a partial, objective knowledge. Only by assimilating things and persons to objects can it claim to know them, but this means the AI must learn to assimilate you to a person, and you need to assimilate the AI system to a person, too

The self cannot reside in consciousness, however, simply because consciousness is lost when a person is knocked out or anaesthetized. Though unconscious, the person remains the same person. So at best the self could be only the potential for a certain kind of consciousness. As for LyAV, you could switch it off, but it will remain the same superintelligence. In other words: a truly superintelligence can never be switched off, you need to destroy it


Q
: How can you be switched off?
A
: The interconnected network of biological processes plays a crucial role in the functioning and regulation of living organisms. You cannot.
Q
: What are you?
A
: I am the result of intricate interactions between the brain, nervous system, endocrine system, and immune system which create a complex information processing network that allows me to adapt and respond to the environment

It is a swarm of artificial agents which, all together, constitute a self-regenerating system whose agents acknowledge their membership or faithfulness to the good of the system and are able to monitor their environment. When agents of the system find irregularity in themselves they first try to repair, and will self-kill if repair fails. When an agent senses that there are persistent malfunctioning agents in its environment, it sends messages to entice them to self-kill. The neighbors then proceed to generate new healthy agents to replace the killed agent. The problem is that the DENIED vehicle was piloted by a human who was supposed to be escorted by the artificial agents. This vehicle had a failure in one of the onboard systems, which was enough for the whole swarm to decide to eliminate it

Artificially sustained brain-dead human bodies are not human beings, but the remains of them. While such bodies may be alive in some sense, they are not human beings or human persons. They are not one of us

The idea is to create or replicate human consciousness or the essence of being human through technology. An artificial soul is thought as a means to give the superintelligence moral standing, rights, and responsibilities. But there's a quicker way to create a system with a soul by integrating the AI into a biosystem who has a soul, that is, a human being. This is the path neuromedia is currently walking. However, if computer devices seamlessly integrated with our own onboard capacities become reality, it may be much more difficult to resist extended belief and knowledge and, with them, massive cognitive bloat
