There is a non-negligible possibility that global society will collapse, and that it will do so in the not-so-distant future. Climate change may be the most likely catalyst. But others include prolonged pandemic, the collapse of global trade, the political rise of inept dictators, or non-anthropogenic events such as geological or astronomical catastrophe. Societal collapse will be bad, but it will be especially bad for those who live through it

Investor interest in defense startups has grown, with nearly $8 billion of venture capital dollars flowing to aerospace and defense startups last year — up from just $1.4 billion in 2018, according to the analytics firm PitchBook

Collapse is primarily a loss of sociopolitical complexity, and when it happens, it often happens fast. After societal collapse most people will be less safe, less secure, sicker, and lacking basic needs. Access to health care treatment and prevention will be much more difficult. The infrastructure needed for reliable utilities will not deliver electricity, gas, or water. The failure of utilities will make things like refrigeration more difficult, which will obviously disrupt habits related to food storage and food consumption and the storage of common medicines. All of these services are enabled by complex sociopolitical structures and strong central organization. The collapse of these structures will disable these services

social relations are transformed into simulations; society becomes surreal; and interpersonal interaction is impoverished. Human existence is confined to the artificiality of the electronic gesellschaft. But don't forget that people, not bullets, fight kinetic wars, and people, not bits, fight cyber wars

Large-scale agriculture and urban centers typical of contemporary civilization depend on the stable climatic conditions of the Holocene, and thus crossing climate tipping points and planetary boundaries will create a post-Holocene world where agriculture on a scale sufficient to feed billions of people is impossible

There are two types of idiots: the lifelong idiot, and the idiot who is also a shareholder of Vanguard Group, BlackRock, State Street, Newport Trust or any other financial brothel. When there is a global thermonuclear war, we all look like idiots, but the face of investors does not change: they were born idiots

Diminishing returns on adaptation to intensifying climate impacts are a driver of collapse risks. Diminishing returns involve a declining ratio of benefits to costs as more resources are expended. In the case of adaptation, the benefit is reduced risk while costs include financing and negative externalities. If the adaptation is a higher seawall, then the benefit is lower risk of flooding while costs include money needed for construction and maintenance along with negative side-effects like reduced access to the sea or destruction of coastal habitats

When you run the final cyberwar you need to bear in mind that the complexities of real emotion and cognition matter when thinking about not only the physical bullets of kinetic warfare, but also the binary bullets of cyberwarfare. Whatever the outcome, subfreezing temperatures, low light levels, and high doses of ionizing and ultraviolet radiation extending for many months after a large-scale nuclear war will destroy entirely the biological support system. I guess any AI surviving in that landscape would be tempted to wonder whether civilization was a mistake, after all

thinking the unthinkable”, i.e. of the real use of nuclear weapons, albeit only to a limited territorial extent. This danger is based on the linking up of the different fractions of transnational capitalism that brings together political, corporate and technical military segments. Right now the ability and incentive for the private sector to participate profitably in the production and use of small nuclear weapons is being strengthened. What the idiots don't know is that limited nuclear warfare and the use of tactical nuclear missiles always leads to the use of strategic missiles. There is no such thing as limited destruction. If there is nuclear war it will be global. We call this 'thinking the obvious'

Since ignorance is only an excuse if one also could not have known that one was ignorant, let me tell you this: you, as Norway's finance minister, are fundamentally ignorant. Don't come to me tomorrow and tell me that you didn't know your investments led to nuclear war. You no longer have an excuse: you are an imbecile

Some funds and investment companies that invest heavily in defense industry companies include the iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense ETF (ITA), which is a collection of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) managed by BlackRock, the SPDR S&P Aerospace & Defense ETF (XAR), which belongs to State Street Global Advisors, the Fidelity Select Defense & Aerospace Portfolio (FSDAX), the Vanguard Industrials Index Fund (VINAX), and the T. Rowe Price Defense & Aerospace Fund (PRNEX)

She said you should invest in nuclear radiation environmental remediation technologies, because that's what you'll need in the future, in case you are all still around by then

Our view at BlackRock has always been that we need to be immersed in local markets around the world, so we can respond to the unique needs and objectives of our clients in their home markets, those very same markets that will be wiped out when war breaks out, a war made possible by our investments. I know this stupidity is hard to explain. Sticking your dick in a hornet's nest has these unpleasant consequences
