Whenever virtue is on the decline, and the resurgence of evil and injustice in the world is occurring, I the Mahdi, take on human form. For the establishment of righteousness and the destruction of the evil doer, I am born from Age to Age

They simply drilled a hole in the deep-sea muds at the selected location and conveyed the container. The borehole is sealed to avoid water in, but the seal is not meant to shield the container. Actually, radiation coming out and contaminating the seawater is the design goal. The assembly is approximately 4 m in length and 20 cm across and contains about 460 kg of uranium. Once inside the well, the radioactive elements in the spent fuel decay, contaminating the seawater which in turn contaminates the oil

The operators stimulated production by waterflooding, using seawater, ignoring the seawater was contaminated with radioactive material due to the Mahdi device - two nuclear fuel rods that were carefully put into a 500 Kms depth well excavated by the team. The oil being pumped out was actually radioactive, dangerous, and useless

Maybe Allah is the greatest, but the Mahdi needs not much to reduce your god to ashes, for the power lays on the tiny parts, and there is nothing your Allah can make against radiation

The massive loss derived from radioactive oil put an end to the deranged Saudi monarchy as there was no way to decontaminate it in a profitable manner; in the end, nobody wanted the Saudi oil, and it took just two years for the psychotic Kingdom to fall and disappear. Where are all those Al Saud rulers now? They grappled with radioactive oil nobody was ready to buy, a ballooning deficit, a huge crisis of unemployment, and tribal uprising. The only solution the international community found was to shield the nuclear rods with massive amounts of concrete and to forget about Ghawar oil field

We are just testing your faith. Your ignorance is already proven, no need to test it

The Mahdi consists of stacks of mixed uranium plutonium oxide (MOX) cylindrical ceramic pellets. They have a diameter of 12 mm, and are encapsulated in metallic tubes. These tubes are assembled together and buried in the well, under seabed, at close proximity from the onshore Ghawar water inlet. The metallic tubes have no shield at all, they are basically naked MOX pellets. The whole column of tubes are attached to a medium-size nuclear device, which also radiates, thus preventing the cooling of the tubes. The device is set up such that any handling will detonate it. The Mahdi was simply designed to do one job: to contaminate the seawater they use in the stimulated production

My dear Al Saud, either you sit down, powerlessly watching how all of your oil turns into a radioactive waste, or you dare to disable the bomb; but bear in mind, you greedy and miserable servant, that if you make a mistake the entire region will be exposed to a radioactive holocaust
