the two human astronauts explained their mission was one of bioprospecting, and that their mission was part of a scientific program to explore the Martian surface looking for microbes, bacteria, and micro-organisms in order to collect them and take them back to Earth for further study. The Entity replied that sounded fully logical as it itself abducted a few humans in the past to take them back to its home planet for further analysis, but it also stated that the correct term for that kind of mission is 'biopiracy', and that biopiracy could not be tolerated. The Entity finally added that, for just that reason, both humans wouldn't make it back to Earth: their landing module was rendered inoperative by the Entity. However, they were given the opportunity to have a last look at the Martian landscape before dying

Private space programs have nothing to do with planetary science, astrophysics, or science in general, but they are obviously not just space tourism. They have one and just one goal: bioprospecting. Bioprospecting is to be understood as the process in which corporations or researchers use biological resources for extracting, isolating, and purifying marketable products. Under this definition, reports of UFO's crashes are of the greatest interest for our company as this gives us the possibility to recover alien bodies from which we could certainly extract valuable marketable products. We are not interested in the UFO, rather we are interested in its occupants

There is no hidden agenda. These nonterrestrial life-forms come here as part of a research processes done over biodiversity with the aim of developing marketable products, where the following processes take place: first, systematic study of biological and genetic resources (abductions); second, transformation of the resource (humans) into a product; third, protection of the product (humans beings, in this case) through property. See, Earth is not a zoo planet. It is a target for space biopirates. That's the truth you couldn't handle, and that's the truth we've found
