Without context, associated meaning, or anything universally relatable, we aren’t likely to understand an alien message, and they aren’t likely to understand ours either. Worse: without context, we won't be able to understand what we see once we travel forward in time

All events that lie to our past, as well as those to our future, have already occurred. The task is to find a way to access those events

Though the main paradigm focused on the notion that the quint-essential alien archetype is simply a future form of ourselves, returning to study us as part of their own ancestral hominin past, and that a deeper appreciation of this model remains veiled by our current position in time and our present inability to travel to different periods of it, the truth is that this paradigm fails. We now entertain the idea that, in fact, aliens come from our past

What is done by what is called myself is, I feel, done by something greater than myself in me. James Clerk Maxwell on his deathbed, 1879

Consciousness is ingenious because it knows what is important. But the sorting and interpretation required for it to know what is important is not conscious. Subliminal perception and sorting is the real secret behind consciousness. Consciousness is a wonderful entity when it knows its own limitations

Look, with any enormous amount of data, extremely unlikely events are bound to occur. By looking at a rich data set in multiple different ways unlikely events are expected. And that's exactly the situation: the more powerful our computers, and the more advanced our detectors, the more strange and anomalous events we find. If they are time travellers they certainly come from our past, and not from our future

We emphasize that such paradoxes are associated with past-directed travel, not all attempts to journey through time. Purely future-directed travel would be physically acceptable and paradox-free. Special relativity would allow astronauts to travel indefinitely into the future, as long as they had the technical ability to speed up sufficiently close to light speed. As they approached the speed of light they would age more and more slowly compared to those they left behind on Earth. They might return to Earth and find that a hundred or a thousand years had passed. Even so, they would not violate causality, as they would influence only events that were yet to happen. If the future is unwritten, and the time-traveling astronauts change it, they would not create a paradox

Life forms and beings are statistical systems, and statistical systems cannot go backward in time because there are an infinite number of paths that are compatible with any present. Humans, in particular, are statistical beings. Giselians are not

The presence of a time traveller can be considered as a third type of existence: he is in a real world but he can influence no objects in it that are temporal parts of the whole to which he belongs. Think of him as a dreamer interacting with objects in a dream

If you wish the human time traveller to retain his identity even though his states and relations may change, forget it. Once he reaches his destination in time, either in the past or in the future, his identity will have changed. Again, he is a statistical being. Nothing in him is forever
