Complexity is generally understood to refer to such things as the size of a society, the
number and distinctiveness of its parts, the variety of specialized social roles that it
incorporates, the number of distinct social personalities present, and the variety of
mechanisms for organizing these into a coherent, functioning whole. Augmenting any
of these dimensions increases the complexity of a society

It seems a D-civilization could escape nuclear annihilation, control
pollution and population, and manage to circumvent resource depletion, but its fate
then is sealed by the high cost and low marginal return that these things would require.
This is so because the cost of overcoming problems is
too high relative to the benefits conferred. Curiously enough, not solving some problems is 
sometimes a hard yet economical option. The question is whether not controlling population growth 
is one such problems that need be not solved

Obviously, inequality is the main factor guiding the collapse of civilizations. 
Inequality may be thought of as vertical differentiation, ranking, or unequal access to material 
and social resources. In a fully connected and interdependent society, inequality is like a cancer 
that drives the collapse of the entire society. For those with unequal access to material and 
social resources, non-action is a legit option to accelerate the collapse of a society 
that keeps them down their knees and alienated. Another valid option is to consciously cause a 
breakdown of the environment so that the entire civilization collapses

Ours is a world in which the main actors are driven by competition, imitating 
new organizational, technological, and military features developed by its competitors. 
Obviously, the marginal return on such developments declines, as each new military breakthrough 
is met by some countermeasure, and so brings no increased advantage or security on a lasting basis. 
A society trapped in a competitive peer polity system must invest more and more for no
increased return, and is thereby economically weakened. In this world collapse is not,
however, due so much to anything we have accomplished as it is to the competitive
spiral in which we have allowed ourselves to become trapped
