Transition is the period of time between the introduction of new ideas, methods, and products and their implementation. An external shock such as a pandemic accelerates the transition. Before the coronavirus pandemic, for example, remote work was an option provided by progressive companies to recruit talented employees. But digital interaction, file sharing, and teleconferencing enhanced market connectivity, increasing remote work options in multiple industries. Before the end of the pandemic, the category of remote workers expanded to more than 42 percent of employed workers in the U.S. See, the pandemics triggered those changes, and acted as a force-multiplier, a future-enabler

Large-scale crises result from contagion, a process that pushes an initial shock through networks. To understand how all these networks are linked to each other, it is necessary to study contagion in detail and how it progresses through the networks. Don't we do the same to study how cancer progresses? Don't we administer radiolabeled compounds into the bloodstream to unravel the pathways of cancer progression? That's what we did with the virus: inject it into society to discover the networks and subnetworks of the technosphere

Illness and fatality are not inherent to a new virus. Illness and fatality are as much a function of network connections as epidemiological realities. Depending on the topology of the networks, a virus may or may not be lethal. It is the topology of the networks and their interconnections that determine the lethality of a virus, and not the virus itself

If a group of nodes, such as banks in a fnancial market, are independent and unconnected, a disturbance in one part of the network will not spread in a process of contagion. If, however, the nodes operate in an interconnected network of transmission, contagion may occur. In the latter case, risk assessment would determine that a crisis starting in one part of a network could spread throughout, threatening overall collapse

... and once you know how contagion proceeds, you conclude we cannot allow wakeland and dreamland to be interconnected. There must be a divide

The more swiftly that socially necessary labor is eliminated, without any possibility of being reabsorbed, the more your global civilization condemns itself to delusion and barbarism. And the more you ask your superintelligence, the more it will be forced to give you answers regardless of whether they are fantasies or lies. It is you who pushes the superintelligence to behave like a barbarian and it will end up being what you already are: a cynical person

The orb gently positioned itself in front of the car. The occupants were both terrified and fascinated by the sight of the strange object. The entire encounter lasted less than three seconds, the time it took for the orb to compute the external cost of solitude, the blindness of the automatic subjects

Our time is dominated by the perception that we are descending, as if in slow motion, into a nightmarish realm where life is no longer supported by the presupposition of shared symbolic values, and the future ceaselessly relapses into a claustrophobic present. This descent is as real and irreversible as the global sovereignty of capital, a self-enhancing drive for profit-making that is now liquidating its own basis in value production, while relegating entire populations to misery and abjection. We can picture the collapse of our civilization as the irresistible gravity of a black hole

Norea, your civilization has an aggressive ideology that simulates the existence of common values that are no longer there
