Wanda Belle’s sister ship, code-named Rivet Amber, disappeared over the Bering Sea without a trace on June 5, 1969. On February 17, 2021, PSV Tangram picked a radar signal which was positively identified as Rivet Amber, which obviously cannot be. After a two month period of intensive investigation on the issue all analyses concluded the signal was indeed that of Rivet Amber. We were totally baffled, gathered all the reports and classified them as Top Secret

It is very easy to explain everything on the table if you have just taken off the table everything that you cannot explain like, for instance, the reapperance of Rivet Amber

The Rivet Amber Event taught us all that which is part of nature but works by rules that are different from those we are familiar with must be ignored. We simply did not want to deal with the possibility that the event had been physical. How can an aircraft that disappeared on 5 June, 1969 reappear in 2021, flying as it never crashed? This time XViS team was clear in their conclusions, that the event was not entirely in the mind, but rather that the mind might not be entirely in us. The only explanation valid was accepting that the mind might not be entirely confined to the brain. This we could accept, except that Tangram is an unmanned platform and hence there is no brain involved at all. That's what makes Rivet Amber Event an extraordinary event

What's exactly what you don't understand? Don't you understand that it all comes down to how one believes, not whether one believes? There are no time anomalies, no spooky effects, just space, time, casuality, and your pathetic perceptions, all of which are functions of your neurological wiring and senses. So far, so good. But here we are talking about a highly advanced machine, PSV Tangram, supported by an entire network of radars and sensors which have detected what it shouldn't exist. There is no biology involved at all. This is a sensor versus sensor issue, machine versus machine. No human operators were involved during the event, just PSV Tangram flying in the 2021 skies detecting Rivet Amber flying in the 1969 skies. The event lasted exactly seven minutes and 43 seconds. That's the event

It's not the first time something similar happens. The more advanced our platforms are, the more capable our sensors are, the more high strangeness events we detect. Clearly our understanding of how the human brain and these highly advanced technological platforms we are currently building interact is poor. Yes, we are lost in the forest of evidences. So ignore them
