The galaxy contains some very bad actors; for instance, you

SV17q reasoning was that in order to deter an unauthorized response, they should keep DP-2147's coordinates secret not only from the general public, but from rogue nations, too. When asked which nations are considered rogue nations SV17q answered: all of them

it is not a question about who owns the probe, or in whose research lab is it to be studied. It is a question about accepting we are forced to ignore its very existence

The object does not reflect sunlight, and if it does, it does so weakly that an accidental detection by telescopes is really difficult, unless one knows where to look. In short, without detailed instructions about its coordinates it is impossible to detect it, and that is why its location is a secret that will cost the life of anyone who wants to know it

Before announcing to the world the detection of an intelligent probe in the vicinity of Sol-3, you need to answer basic questions such as how can researchers avoid baking their subjective assumptions into risk analyses that might affect those who do not share their values, how are you going to conduct complex risk assessments, how do you deal with uncertainty, how do you compare risks with different quantities of evidence and degrees of plausibility, and how do you ensure that the discovery of DP-2147 is not misused to justify dangerous actions. And perhaps even if you had those answers SV17q would not authorize the study of the probe, given humanity's dismal reliability history

As humans, we tend to mesh our moral values and scientific analysis, thus the study of an extreterrestrial object would easily lead to to conclusions, which, from a different perspective, look like they in fact increase catastrophic risk. So SV17q reluctance is more than understandable

The only guiding principle is this: potential future lives are morally equivalent to existing lives. Only when we have learned that we will be contacted

Steering the world through an age of perils involves difficult choices. Choices that will frequently have divergent answers depending on one’s values. Even a comparatively smaller crises lead to clashes in values and understandings of what defines a good society. This is something we accept. What we don't accept, the thing we will never accept, is that you always talk about decision-makers that we always find to be just an elite, a small group of people that is not selected at random from its wider population. For us, you are a retarded civilization not because not because you do not know how to coexist with the environment, not because your propulsion systems are primitive, not because your science is still closer to superstition than to reason; you are cognitively primitive beings not because you do not understand the reality around you. All that does not define you as primitive beings. You are defined as primitive beings by your inability to understand that any elite to which you grant decision-making powers must be selected at random from the entire world population. You are unfit for contact
