Mental and phenomenal models of the external world, however, can always turn out to be results of entirely misrepresentational processes or of pure, nonintended simulations. Subjectivity is not a thing, but a property of complex representational processes unfolding in certain physical systems

One of the greatest dangers we faced in the past was to underestimate the richness and complexity of the target phenomenon, for instance, by making absurd claims about necessary features a priori. We dismissed the paraphysical, and we even neglected the fact that all we ignore about us is really what we ignore about them

DENIED tasked us with the goal to examine a DENIED. It was a thing, a life form of some sort... Whatever it was they referred to that thing as NTT plus a numerical sequence I can't remember right now

orderedness

Strong cognitive subjectivity is something that can completely disappear as a result of subpersonal disintegration in the brain. It is important to note how such a process may at the same time still leave the attentional subject and the bodily self untouched. Mineness and cognitive subjectivity can be lost, with global coherence and phenomenal experience as such being preserved

I am a long-term Ritalin consumer now, you know, methylphenidate. I was sitting in that room. Then I heard a noise at my back, turned to see where was the noise coming from. I saw a small reddish glowing sphere floating in mid air and, suddenly, the sphere flashed. I started feeling that my death was seconds away! My heart must have been going about 200 beats a minute

What's it like? It is like you go to a whole new state, like you’re on a new drug altogether. I felt waves of spiralling energy passing by me. Can't describe it. No words. The glowing sphere was there, pulsing, a reddish mass of seething energy that was shaped in a geometric form, sort of a mandala. I saw my body there, from above, in the middle of the room. The sphere turned into a sequence of strange symbols, twisting and dancing. Then suddenly, I was back in my body with a whole new perspective about me, the world, the Cosmos... I find no words to describe what I saw

The fucking sphere was alive, that's for sure, I mean it was a life form, a damn intelligent one. They took me to a rest room and administered some meds. Three or four days later these men came in and told me I was to go through an inquiry for research purposes. I asked them what was the thing they showed to me, the pulsing sphere, but they wouldn't answer

they made me sign a document I did not know its contents and then allowed me to bathe. They gave me clothes, took me to what it seemed to me like a complex, where I stayed for about three days fully attended. They then told me I could take one free week and that my mission was over. A high rank officer thanked me for my cooperation and wished me the best. That was it

Once we learned how to induce an out-of-the-body experience, next step was to thoroughly neuroimage the brain as the OBE occurred. We wanted to know what neural patterns occur while the OBE is taking place, and to fully investigate the self-identification, self-location and first-person perspective when the brain enters into its default mode, a baseline mode in which the brain is at rest while the OBE takes place

The neuroimaging and neurological data gathered suggest that there are differences between the brain mechanisms of self-location and the first-person perspective versus self-identification, that is: self-location, but not self-identification, is shown to depend on the first-person perspective. This perspective, in turn, relies on additional vestibular graviceptive signals and their integration with visual graviceptive signals. All in all, we discovered the visual stimulus together with sounds was the cause for triggering the OBE. Yes, you can think of Giselians as engineers of subjectivity

Mystic experience? What the fuck are you talking about? After my encounter with that thing I was kicked out of reality. I felt restless, anxious, psychotic. Went days without sleep. Even today I am experiencing incontinence and blood in my urine. My body is beyond repair. I regularly suffer from cystitis, I know I'm slowly dying, well... actually I want to die
