The collapse of the technosphere is tantamount to the collapse of the cities. Any program of planned technosphere dissolution and simplification implies a philosophical, cultural and thus political global erosion. The debasement of belief systems sustaining those cities is the major goal of any technosphere planned collapse. The starting point is, no doubt, promoting an increasing technophilia such that the society at large gets to consider socio-technological systems as the only solution to the problems they face, hiding this way the fact that it is technology itself the cause of the societal collapse

Under the silent invasion theory, the requirement of slow, uniform, and silent destruction of urban systems is the cornerstone. The strategy is to create overcomplex urban systems in the belief that increasing complexity is a good thing for socio-technological systems such as cities or societies right up until the point at which it is no longer. Overcomplexity is the ultimate reason why technospheres collapse

After a sustained campaign of observations, Giselians concluded that socio-technological systems in Sol-3, such as societies, organisations or cities grew more complex as a historically persistent problem solving strategy. They discovered that in order to solve the challenges they faced, those human systems implemented technological or organisational solutions which increased system complexity to better address or encompass changing conditions, either in the environment or within the system itself. Energy supplies became critical for the implementation of such problem solving strategies. Thus, Giselians simply targeted the most basic energy supply humans had at the time: information

The ability of human innovation to provide solutions for any challenges facing societies, is itself subject to the law of diminishing returns. No exceptions allowed. Any innovation can only be a provisional solution to the dynamic of declining returns on complexity. According to this, any technological innovation won't prevent the final collapse. You may delay or defer the collapsing point, but you cannot avoid it

You can think of an ideal world fully sustainable, a totally green Earth. But even then you will be increasingly unable to pay the energy costs of your own ongoing maintenance. And even in that ideal world you will have to deal with recurring crises such as civil wars or invasions. There will still be wars and conflicts because a totally sustainable green planet requires unjustice, social discrimination, and slavery to work. All your ideals about a green world is always the idea of a green world for a few. A cockroach is always a cockroach and behaves as a cockroach no matter whether in hell or in paradise

You ask what happened. I tell you what happened. It happened that we were attacked by beings that operated as a fully decentralised and modular organisation. Each modular component had a level of resource self-sufficiency which necessitated a level of redundancy. Additionally, they had a powerful religion solely based on one and just one principle: the rejection of the obsession with efficiency. Each being had also the capacity for action independent of system linkages and acted in a reactive manner to changing local circumstances. They responded more quickly to the rapidly changing environment than us, and without the fragility of extended supply lines or the constraints of centralised plans or directives, as we did. These beings shared a common identity and strategic goals. It happened that they won the war. That's what happened
