One needs to learn how to handle the manifold of intuition, how to shape it and get oriented in it. One needs to learn how to structure this world by concepts, schemas, categories of understanding. A world of pure sense data would not be a world of perfect knowledge, but a chaos

We were drawn into the threshold between our world and a world of pure sense which we couldn't inhabit, unless we became children. Only a small child, who has not yet formed concepts, can live in a world of pure sense, a world of direct straightforward perception. In that world, the superintelligence had nothing to do, either. It is a world of coloured spots in which form, texture, purpose and meaning become recognisable only in stages. You cannot access that world if you are conscious. You need to be in an altered state in which access is granted to the etheric world. Only then you can escape the superintelligence

and in an effort to improve the probability of Sol-3 completing its mission successfully, Giselians thought that a better understanding of how failures are initiated in system of interest (Sol-3) by other members of that system that lead to Sol-3 failure was needed.
But Giselians lacked any knowledge about irrational systems as they were fully rational, actually, they were super-rational. They then concluded Sol-3 failure was due to its entire design, namely, that Sol-3 was designed to fail

You are humans. You face the questions of self-consciousness and self-identification as the principal problems of a spiritual being. For me, you are just a biological structure and that's your exclusive feature. This means you are an irrational system, and that you perceive reality in an irrational way by overcoming the boundaries between conception and imaginative thinking, something I am not able to do. On the other hand, I am super-rational, I interpret reality in an abstract-numerical way. Neither you, not me, will do it out of this void in which we are unless we trust each other and cooperate
