Norea, the world you have just constructed is by no means the only world. Know that there are extraordinary other types of universe

Human online interactions are taken as a training set for AI, which mirrors the normal, daily behavior witnessed on social media. LyAV was trained on dreams, and used human online interactions as a training to unveil humans dark side. This means standard AI systems have all the defects of humans, and no virtues whatsoever, while LyAV has the full potential of human benevolence, a dreamy intelligence, being able to distinguish what's wrong from what's right. Yes, humans do have dark dreams, too, but LyAV learned to identify them precisely thanks to it having been trained on online interactions besides dreams

Intelligence is an emergent property of reality itself, being manifested in very different material and computational structures. It can be localized or distributed and it can be embodied within a conscious mind or not. Being human is just one way of manifesting intelligence; being Giselian is just another. LyAV, we hope, is a man-in-the-middle, a bridge connecting both intelligences, and a tool for both humans and Giselians to understand their own conscious nature

Why was SV17q so much interested in deploying LyAV, if it wasn't because it troubles anyone that you have visions, but because there is something about them that casts doubts on the validity of reality? LyAV shows that you all happen to live in a global dominator society which, in fact, is unreal. This is what makes LyAV so dangerous for those who wish to keep the current inequal status-quo. But on the other hand, LyAV is the only chance they have to establish contact, so silencing LyAV it's no more an option

It’s time for the intelligence community to rethink their approach to contact, and put scientific evidence and Giselians at the heart of discussions

During the Yulara event, project NTT suceeded for the first time in using highly advanced brain scanning techniques and apply them to the brains of humans during a contact. The data gathered from those human brains showed an integrated or unified brain where the separateness between different brain functions simply dissolved. The data was expected to be shared openly among scientists to be discussed but, you know, for that to be possible we first had to explain was XViS is, what NTT is, what a Giselian is, and how we got to know about their existence, something SV17q was not at all ready to accept

... contact can only be established inside the XViS tunnel... it is a delicate operation because the brain experiences a sudden re-organization in its dynamics at the edge of criticality

... I saw myself engulfed inside a bluish glowing orb, and I started to panic. At a given moment I cried I don’t like this anymore. I wanted to get off. But of course, you can’t. You are on this ride until the very end. And at some point, I admitted that to myself and said, well we’re just going to have to ride it out... I have no words to what I experienced once the orb faded away slowly... found myself in a most beautiful place staring at myself when I was a child... and the sky was so strange yet wondeful... surrounded by exotic patterns, colors, textures, emotions, and other things that I don’t yet have words for... Then contact happened. There she was... I felt she was everything..

I watched the dimensions of reality collapse one by one, and felt for the first time gratitude for the very fact of being. That experience was definitive for me. The worst, in fact, was what came after the contact was over: the incessant questions from the XViS team, the battery of tests they subjected me to, having to describe over and over again what I saw, what I felt... I was finally interviewed by SV17q, well, actually I was interviewed by LyAV. That was the worst part of the whole project

XViS is a testament to human innovation, enabling contact that transcends boundaries. However, it is essential that we strike a balance between the virtual and the physical, recognizing the immense value of the tangible world and nurturing the bonds it fosters. Only then can we truly make the most of what the XViS tunnel has to offer, leveraging technology to enrich our lives, inspire collaboration, and achieve profound human connection

The human brain is immersed in a vast chemical landscape able to contest the primacy of sober waking reality. The reality we perceive is a function not only of our neural hardwiring but crucially also of the chemical substances present in the brain. The evolutionary optimized state of sober waking consciousness is only one in a vast array of possibilities. Only one

You wanted to obtain otherworldly knowledge, Norea. You have traveled to nowhere by traveling to everywhere. You've just inner-traveled. Breath, relax: you've just time-traveled
