What we are witnessing is just a the digitalization of the hegemony of techno-capitalist ideology. This includes having to watch some disgusting and vomit-inducing performances, such as a bunch of rich businessmen goofing off in a space capsule, a moron putting a car into orbit, and a couple of ass-kissers pontificating about the singularity. Every civilization that disappears begets a Caligula first

In the new stage of the digital age, the change logic of domestic and foreign situations is closely related to the development logic of digital technology, especially in the field of ideology. Digital technology has been linked to the strategic competition of major powers, differences in systems and values, hat is, politicization of digital technology

The digital revolution has brought barriers to screen for those who lack digital equipment, skills, and resources, and has turned those with digital equipment, skills, and resources into puppets. Today, the goal is to force people to believe in the new religion, the so-called digital rationality, forcing them to live imprisoned in digital cocoons ruled by digital technology

Ideological dominance in the digital age requires control of the ideological orientation. The potential danger of science and technology comes from the non-neutrality of technical design, a technical design process that is not neutral, and one that has a normative tendency by supporting the delegation of ruling interests. The ideological role produced by the application of science and technology is that of the ruling class

Ideologies, such as the social justice liberalism to which most democrats support, the market liberalism of the faux conservatives, fascism, and various religions that function in the same way as ideologies, share the same fatal flaw of not recognizing the world’s diversity in cultural assumptions that frame how human with human and human with natural systems are to be understood and valued. That is, ideologies are colonizing conceptual and moral templates for how the world’s people should think and behave toward others and the environment

if there is a universal process that challenges the certainties of an ideology it is that all cultures are based on metaphorically-based linguistic processes called mythopoetic narratives, religions, root metaphors, and symbolic constructions. These metaphorical linguistic processes have a history rooted in diverse mythic stories of origins, powerful evocative experiences, and life-changing analogies where the past is carried forward in vocabularies that the present generation largely takes for granted. In cultures that value innovations that supposedly overturn the traditions of the older generation, the new ideas and innovations actually build upon and carry forward many of the deep cultural assumptions that underlie earlier patterns of thinking

The academia, you mean? Do you refer to those who exhibit little awareness that they are moving down the slippery slope of scientism? Those who has prostituded science for just some funds to carry on with their research whose goals are dictated by economical profits of the companies who fund their research? Yours is a doomed civilization, armed with supercomputers, whose thinking is based on the misconception that there is only one form of human intelligence. This is a chief characteristic of ideology. Your scientists are no more scientists: they are ideologues
