in modern information society an individual experiences a new type of socialization that causes transformation of a psychic, change of system of values, attitudes, views, thoughts, opinions, activities and behavior based on a well-designed aberrational socialization process. This is a negative, distorted, misinterpreted, strained socialization, a formation of an individual with explicit negative and distorted social characteristics under the influence of external factors and aggravated by a person's individual features

Cell-214 carried out planned attacks that included the malicious reprogramming and systematic diversion of robots. Robot attacks is a social practice that has widened the range of expressions that individuals can make about their attitudes toward automation and other societal changes although the attacks have also caused unfortunate consequences concerning the safety of humans and security of organizational resources. These attacks on robots and AI systems go beyond injuring the robots directly and personally in ways comparable to delivering an attack upon another human. These attacks aim at causing damage to the organization as a whole by requiring it to make repairs to the robot or replace it

We know exposure to bright light from computer and mobile phones in bed disrupts body’s circadian rhythm and also the ability to fall asleep; we know people using technology suffer from insomnia and fail to experience a deep REM sleep, and we know without REM sleep people cannot process memories and learn. So, we found social media as the main reason behind peoples’ tiredness which in turn affects concentration, which is all you need to start a vast social manipulation engineering program

You have approached aliens the same way you approach an AI system. You trust ChatGPT, don't you? But, you see, the rational account of trust states that the trustor is making a logical choice, weighing up the pros and cons, when determining whether to place their trust in the trustee. It is a rational calculation of whether the trustee is someone that will uphold the trust placed in them. Trust is simply a matter of prediction by the trustor, rather than being concerned about the trustee’s motivation. You trust your aliens the same way you trust your AI, and if you don't it is just because your AI is human, after all, while aliens are non-humans. We will solve this minor problem, don't worry

Trusting relationships are those between trusted parties, whereas AI is a systematic group of techniques that enable machines to fulfil particular computing tasks: AI is not a thing to be trusted. It is a set of software development techniques by which we should be increasing the trustworthiness of our institutions and ourselves. What about the aliens? If they are beings, maybe you can trust them. But if they are not, if they are just machines, then at most you can expect to rely on them, but not to trust them. This is why we have changed the narrative: we know what they are, but we want you to believe what they are not

The overall influence of the attacks on robots on workplaces and communities and subsequent dissemination of images and narratives about the attacks on social media is still unclear, especially given the emerging changes in robotics, which include the previously mentioned cyborg-style implantations of robotic parts in human prostheses

Cell-214 is viewed as a small group of anarchists engaged in anti-robot attacks in industrial, community, and service sectors. These attacks often endanger the robots and humans near them despite the efforts of robot developers and robot managers to make robots appealing to humans. We focus on this group because attacks on robots and AI systems by humans can often have devastating and immediate impacts and cascading effects on other connected entities, disabling other systems or instigating them to act in unpredictable ways. You won't find videos in the Internet of Cell-214 attacks because we remove them as soon as we notice them. It was a surprise for us to realize Cell-214 is an AI system itself
