There is a need to change the very rationality that guides the technological apparatus of society and its ideology of the performance principle. It is not about what technology is making of us, but rather what we can make of technology

Today, tools are no more mere prolongations of human organs. Organs have become also prolongations of the tools. Technology is no longer mere instrumentality but now forms a culture of universal control. And we all know who controls who. Technical rationality today is the rationality of domination

AI was born as goal-oriented, problem-solving discipline and having a goal alone was seen as sufficient reason for performing an action. In other words, goals themselves were seen not only as a cause, but also as a purpose of certain action: no difference was perceived between having a goal and desiring a goal

The chief engineer asked the little girl dressed in nightgown to explain her design. The little girl stared at the chief engineer, adjusted her gas mask, and said: 'It is important to note that the desire engine should have a kill switch over the reasoning process, so it can jump over it right to performing an action. In other words, there needs to be a desire to act rationally to employ the reasoning engine in the first place. Shortly put, it is the desire engine alone that triggers the reasoning engine'

Robots that are human-like might make people feel eerie because of their imperfect similarity to humans. But in fact, this eeriness comes from our transforming robots into a menacing, persecuting figure that becomes a container for all of our own negative emotions – the hate and violence of the robot is our own hate and violence that we imagine is out there, characteristic of these monsters instead of ourselves. Humans are robots for humans. At least, for some humans. Our fear of robots is at least in part a fear of our own rationality, dead, mechanical and calculating

Consider the classical examples of the techno-enthusiast Elon Musk, in which bad parts of the self – his violent fantasies, his hatred – is projected away from the self, in order that the self can be thought of as pure and all good. When such projections find a home in another, that other then becomes the source of that badness, and becomes a persecuting figure as the hatred and violence that is projected out is now imagined returning in the form of the other. The most obvious examples of such projections are instances of scapegoating, such as commonly seen with racism (and here we see another all-too-familiar component of nationalism): It is not we who are violent, it is them. As with the scapegoat, there is a belief that the container of the bad parts of the self must be destroyed before it can return and destroy us. This is a root of paranoia. The belief that we are being persecuted is our own fantasy

We don't know what's the use of this machine, but we know this machine will abuse you

The fear that lie behind the transhumanists’ desires for the technologically-enhanced human is the fear for the uncertainty and vulnerability that accompanies aging, reproduction, pain and death. That is, the fear for being human
