At that distance, any approach to object DP-2147 must be done by fully autonomous vehicles. Two-way communications with those vehicles would be impractical, hence there is no way to perform plan variation testing. Every decision the vehicles would take would be autonomous. Once in space, they are on their own

Deep learning strategies are of no ise here because the vehicles have not been trained for in advance for situations that may arise. We know little about object DP-2147, so there is little we can foresee about its behavior once the vehicles approach it. However, we can train the vehicles to assess the performance and strategies used by the vehicle ahead of it, in order for the next vehicle to re-assess its own strategies

Let understand this once and for ever: contrary to humans, DP-2147 was designed by minds who do not find their experience of existence to require any explanation whatsoever: they exist; and that’s about it. This is the divide between we humans and them, and this is what fully shapes any encounter with them

if the light speed limit holds, all intelligence gathered by DP-2147 before contact is initiated will be very much out of date by the time the owners of the probe arrives to the target system. We therefore think DP-2147 was designed with all the means required to initiate contact with humans. If DP-2147 was there, undetected, some 500 years ago, then it means the owners' home planet must be located some 1,000 light years away from us

Look, even if the others have no hostile intentions, star faring capability in itself can be seen as a threat. Maybe DP-2147 is just a probe, or a beacon signalling to its owners the presence of a planet, Sol-3, teeming with intelligent life and a developed technosphere; perhaps it's just that. But its mere presence, the mere presence of a non-terrestrial artificial object in our vicinity, it's a threat for us

reliable detection and defense would require advanced technologies and significant off-planet infrastructure, and we have no time for that
