Our team is part of DENIED. In particular, we are tasked with the protection of the undersea data cables in the North Atlantic. My team was operating PSV Graphium on that particular day. The programmed transect covered an area East of Jan Mayen Island, with a RTB profile that ended in Thule Air Base. For the most part, the transmedium vehicle was conducting submerged operations around the DENIED underwater cables, and was programmed to emerge to surface near DENIED

The incident started with an anomalous reading of the muon detectors in the vicinity of DENIED mini-submarine from Yantar, a Russian intelligence vessel operating in the area. The muon activity is clearly a signal of hostile unsolicited visitors, hence we initiated the DENIED procedure as per the JHED Program

On 21 January 1968, a B-52G, with four nuclear bombs aboard as part of Operation Chrome Dome, crashed on the ice of the North Star Bay while attempting an emergency landing at Thule Air Base. The resulting fire caused extensive radioactive contamination. One of the H-bombs remains lost. A week after the crash, investigations determined that all four bombs had disintegrated into the ice. Operation Crested Ice was then initiated in order to perform land remediation and removal of more than 200,000 cubic feet of radioactive snow, ice, crash debris, and water

The source we were detecting had nothing to do with the 1968 Thule accident. According to DOLYN database the signal was consisting with a USO of Class HUT Sub-blue, that is, a Highly Unfriendly Threat. The incident resembled the USO-1340 one in 2014

We didn't recover any bomb. They simply disintegrated into the ice. The statement that 3 bombs were recovered and one lost is simply false. See, the crash caused the conventional explosives in the four unarmed nuclear weapons to detonate dispersing plutonium and tritium from the ensuing fire in an oval pattern from the impact point. There were no bombs to recover. Attributing the anomaly at DENIED to a missing bomb around Thule is simply wrong

The deep submersible Star III was used to search the floor of North Star Bay for B-52 aircraft wreckage in August 1969 after the sea ice melted. Since then the area has been monitored several times by civilian organisms, and by us. The readouts show varying plutonium contents as a result of the 1968 plane crash. However, from a radiation protection assessment perspective, based on the current patterns of use of the contaminated area in Thule, there is no need for restrictions to stays, transit, or for decontamination measures in the area

DENIED was patrolling the area close to Jan Mayen Island, where SV17q has a radar station at Beerenberg, and some off limits facilities by the North lake, disguised as premises of the Norwegian Defense Communication Service, including an automatic VHF coastal radio station, a weather station, an EGNOS/GALILEO navigation site and a variety of communications facilities, seismic sensors, and utility infraestructures. There is an unpaved runway totalling 2,5 Km in length, though officially it is reported as a mere 1,6 Km gravel airstrip
