The real problem of humanity is the following: We have Paleolithic emotions, medieval institutions, and godlike technology

Understanding interactions between human beings and natural resources plays an important role in estab- lishing sustainable economy and society. Relationships of these two may be studied by the prey and predator model after we realize that humans beings may be regarded as the predator while natural resources may be thought of as the prey

When the prey becomes fully chaotic, the predator population reduces back to zero dramatically again, and never has any further opportunity to rise back. This astonishing phenomenon could be the most profound finding in the study, which states that the prey in chaos generated by overpopulation of the predator would erase the entire predator species

Besides the possibility for the prey and the predator to become chaotic altogether, it is also probable for the predator to go extinct at the chaotic state of the prey. In other words, human overpopulation would cause chaos in natural resources, ultimately in return erase the entire human race

the event of self-annihilation is effectively determined by the outcome of a race between the technical knowledge humanity gains over time and our accumulated wisdom of how to constructively use such knowledge

It is not that we are passive. It is we know survival on the planet is no longer an acceptable option for our species. Humans can only survive a maximum web-bulb temperature of 31°C at 100% humidity. At a rise of 12°C, the average temperature in many regions on Earth would pass the 35 °C threshold and become effectively inhabitable. It is difficult to see beyond the muddle of our daily lives to a theorized and modeled existential disaster that may threaten our species as a whole. But see we must

consciousness may have evolved to enable the human species to generate such changes in order to cope with unprecedented and unpredictable adversity. Such coping could, ultimately, include the conscious planning of our own extinction when survival on the planet is no longer an acceptable option

Collective intelligence arises out of a complex network of elements that are not expected to display individual intelligence. This means that the dumber the individual, the smarter the society. This is the only explanation we've found to the intentional global stupidization of the individual, namely, that the end result will be a smarter civilization, a civilization based on collective intelligence rather than individual intelligence. In other words: lack of individual intelligence may be necessary for collective intelligence
