One could imagine entire civilizations located within elementary particles, which perhaps communicate with each other using the laws of quantum mechanics – which would allow signals to be transmitted literally instantaneously

One day, living bacteria rather than silicon electronics may compute inside our bodies or inside microfactories. Harnessing life in this way will require the development of an entirely new paradigm of computing

In his view, as DNA can self-assemble, and viruses can hook into cells, and as bacteria and multi-cellular organisms can reproduce and self-organize, there is a chance for these capabilities to offer the possibility of harnessing millions of cells at the bacterial level to perform a massive computation

We could have full-immersion virtual reality, where the nanobots can shut down the signals coming from our real senses and replace them with the signals that your brain would be receiving if you were in the virtual environment. Then your brain would feel like it’s in that virtual environment, and these can be as realistic, detailed, and compelling as real reality

What's ‘real’ reality? Real as opposed to what? We can just now create those environments with the aid of technology and milDMT drugs, you see. You could go there by yourself, or with other people, and have any kind of experience with anyone in these virtual environments. Some of these virtual environments can be realistic re-creations of earthly places, like taking a walk with someone on a Mediterranean beach. Some can be fantastic imaginary environments that don’t exist on Earth, and couldn’t exist. They may not follow the laws of physics. Designing new environments, just like designing new game environments today, will be a new art form. You can incorporate all five of our senses in these virtual environments. But it is a one-way trip, an only-once experience at the end of which your mental health would be seriously compromised

A one-inch cube of nanotube circuitry would be a million times more capable than the 100 trillion connections in the human brain. A one-inch wafer of femtotubes would be more capable than all human brains connected together. That femtotube could imagine all possible worlds, and build as many of them as it wishes

Sure, a good simulation can be conscious just like we are. But if the simulation is to be run on a hydrid human brain fitted with femtotubes you'll soon run into problems. One thing we discover when we start to understand how natural systems work is that very often they’re very inefficient. This is so for a reason. If hearing were perfect, you'd get mad; if sight were perfect, you would get blind. So coupling DMT with femtotubes and implanting them on a human brain could indeed produce an extremely information-rich system but, you know, for humans information is not essential. It is meaning what they feed on, and meaning should not be confused with information
