The ability to perform autonomous intel gathering and recce activities is of significant importance to the future battleground. SRUAVs, other than MilOrbs, were developed as part of the military robotic platforms that operate in an artificial neutral buoyancy environment to support such military activities. They all include a six degree-of-freedom control system and have proven a valuable asset in autonomous trajectory-tracking tasks called 'transects'

Transects are loaded into the SRUAV either from the satellite network or manually before launch. A transect encodes data about the desired angular and linear velocity, quaternion, and position time histories. A transect defines the trajectories to follow, though the SRUAV has the capability to perform autonomous path planning and to modify trajectories based on task scheduling algorithms according to mission goals

The transect also includes safe-to-crash areas. See, SRUAVs are unmanned and autonomous, therefore we faced an operational paradigm change that shifted attention from crash-free, as it is in the general aviation, to safe-to-crash design for them. We don't want non-authorized parties to recover one of these toys. There are rules concerning the vehicles and rules concerning the operations and that's why requirements on MilOrbs cannot be decided independently of the mission flown. On the other hand, in the event of a crash we wish the vehicle to be totally destroyed so a design goal is to maximize the projectile impact energy, in this case the falling SRUAV. If it crashes, we need to guarantee there is nothing left to be recovered

We built upon the old NASA's AERCam design, our own SCRAMP project, and other programs. In each of these little spheres there is a lot of new advanced technologies: new control loop algorithms and filters, new miniaturized ultra-dense electronics, exotic metamaterials designed to fragment down to submilimeter size in case of kinetic impact, powerful small-size light emitting devices, and the DENIED technology for propulsion that allows the SRUAV to reach a cruising speed of 15,000 mph

MilOrbs is the main program of the SV guys (Special Vehicles). SRUAVs are mainly recce vehicles with a minimum mass of 5 Kgs, while MilOrbs are offensive weapons with a mass range between 3 to 8 Kgs. The technology behind MilOrbs differs from SRUAVs in fundamental aspects of which we know nothing as both the SRUAV and the MilOrb programs are run separately by DENIED

No need to wonder how an artificial spherical craft can levitate in the air without using any known conventional propulsion system once you know there are unconventional propulsion systems
