The team was tasked with the goal of testing whether radiation belt electron precipitation could be induced using VLF transmitters. We have no directed energy weapons producing a beam of highly energetic charged particles capable of knocking down an airplane; however, Earth is constantly being hit by highly energetic particles which are absorbed by the atmosphere. The idea under test was whether we could somehow weaken the atmosphere at a specific point using VLF and therefore open a channel through which HEPs could flow and hit a target

Sure, one of the aircraft’s three air data inertial reference units exhibited a data-spike failure mode, during which it transmitted a significant amount of incorrect data on air data parameters to other aircraft systems, without flagging that this data was invalid. But the question remains on what caused that data-spike in the first place. On the other hand, the occurrence on 7 October 2008 was the only occasion when incorrect data from an air data inertial reference unit had resulted in inadvertent elevator commands. So the question remains as to what caused that data-spike

the three known data-spike occurrences all took place within 1,000 km of Learmonth. Given that the locations were in a broadly similar geographical area, the investigation examined potential sources of EMI in the area. Two potential sources were identified: the Harold E. Holt Naval Communication Station located at Exmouth (near Learmonth), and a nearby high frequency (HF) radio communications site. The naval communication station transmitted at a very low frequency (VLF) of 19.8 kHz, and the transmission power was about 1 megawatt using an omni-directional antenna. The station was transmitting at the time of the three data-spike occurrences

Lion Air Flight 610 plummeted nose-first into the water killing all 189 people on board. Again, the official culprit was false inputs from the angle of attack sensor. If the sensor data is wrong, the system could cause the plane to dive. And this is independent on whether the plane was manufactured by Boeing, Airbus or any other manufacturer; it doesn't depend either on the particular AOS. You simply get your VLF transmitter on and planes in 1,000 Km around start noise-diving

researchers exposed subjects to various VLF-sferics programs characterized by different electric and magnetic field amplitudes. The square impulses with frequencies of 10 and 100 kHz were presented with pulse repetition frequencies of 2.5, 5, 10 or 20 Hz. The simulation provoked complaints of dizziness in some of the subjects who had been diagnosed as labile vagotonics, which implies an overresponsivity of the parasympathetic nervous system

The Boeing 737-700 was only 15 seconds from smashing into the ground in Norfolk when It fell from 15,000 feet to just 5,600ft, losing height at a rate of up to 350 feet every second. The terrifying dive happened at 3.45pm on January 12 in air space over East Anglia usually reserved for military training
