The MAS653 flight was an aircraft that crashed at Tanjung Kupang, Johor, on the evening of 4 December 1977, the result of an apparent hijacking by unknown assailants as soon as it reached cruise altitude. It was the first fatal accident for Malaysia Airlines(as Malaysian Airline System is now known), with all 93 passengers and 7 crew, from 13 countries. The Boeing 737-2H6 was en route from Penang International Airport to Singapore International Airport (Paya Lebar) via Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport. A few minutes later, the crew radioed:
We're now proceeding to Singapore. Good night.
In the last few minutes of the tapes from the cockpit voice recorder, investigators heard conversation between the pilots and the hijackers about how the aircraft would run out of fuel before it could make it to Singapore, followed by a series of gunshots. They concluded that both the pilot and co-pilot were fatally shot by the hijacker, which left the plane
professionally uncontrolled
. The circumstances in which the hijacking and subsequent crash occurred remain unsolved

On the night of March 7, 2014, (Friday) when Flight MH370 disappeared, the United States Navy was conducting a military exercise in the Indian Ocean called Operation Bold Alligator. This exercise involved amphibious assault training and was taking place off the coast of Malaysia. The Malaysian military was also running a MAJOR separate exercise called Exercise Bersama Lima, which involved multiple countries and was focused on air defense and maritime security in the region

In early 2014, a Chinese surface action group carried out a sophisticated training exercise spanning the South China Sea (SCS), eastern Indian Ocean, and Philippine Sea. The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) Navy used the 23-day deployment to improve operational proficiencies for antisubmarine warfare, air defense, electronic warfare, and expeditionary logistics

The April 2014 Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement (EDCA) between Washington and Manila provides for rotational U.S. military presence in Philippine territory. This agreement, which is in force for 10 years, and permits U.S. forces to have extensive access to Philippine military facilities, including the former U.S. air and naval facilities at Clark air base and Subic Bay naval base. On June 28, 2014, U.S. Navy and Philippine Navy carried out the bilateral maritime exercise dubbed Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training in the South China Sea, near waters claimed by Beijing

The area is heavily monitored today as it was the night of the MH370 incident. There have been dangerous near-misses, notably in August 2014 involving a Chinese fighter aircraft (Shenyang J-11B) and a U.S. surveillance plane (P-8A Poseidon)

Exercise Bersama Lima is a multilateral naval exercise involving the Five Power Defence Arrangements (FPDA) countries - Australia, Malaysia, New Zealand, Singapore, and the United Kingdom. Exercise Bersama Lima Kuantan Sector was approximately 300 kilometers away from the MH370 last ATC contact point. In Exercise Bersama Lima on March 7th, 2014, the air defense systems in use included surface-to-air missiles such as the MIM-104 Patriot and the RBS-70, as well as air defense radars and command and control systems to detect and track aerial threats. Additionally, fighter aircraft such as the F-16 Fighting Falcon based at Butterworth may have been used for air defense as well

The range of the MIM-104 Patriot missile is approximately 160 km (100 miles) while the range of the RBS-70 missile is approximately 8 km (5 miles). Additionally, there were AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System) aircraft flying during Exercise Bersama Lima on March 7th, 2014. These aircraft play a key role in providing command and control capability to monitor and coordinate air operations during exercises and missions, but it is unclear whether they were monitoring Exercise Bersama Lima activities or they were in routine CAP mission in a highly contested area

MH370 was at an altitude of approximately 35,000 feet when it disappeared from radar screens on March 8, 2014. The decision to intercept and bring down the aircraft was unavoidable because, in the first place, it wasn't an airplane to radar operators' eyes: the target was irresponsive to comms, there were no lights, no transponder activity. To all effects, the object was now flying inside the restricted military area and was not responding to calls. Communication and cooperation with other military units involved in the exercise was prioritized to ensure a coordinated and controlled response, and it was decided to deploy air defense assets such as fighter jets armed with air-to-air missiles to intercept the object safely and quickly. The jets were scrambled from DENIED airfield in DENIED

AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System) aircraft typically fly at altitudes between 25,000 and 30,000 feet. These altitudes provide a good balance between visibility and radar coverage while minimizing the risk of interception by enemy aircraft. It is technically possible for an AWACS (Airborne Warning and Control System) aircraft flying at FL300 to jam a civilian Boeing aircraft flying at FL350

If the lack of debris from MH370 is to be explained by an explosion, it would likely have to be a high-energy explosion that completely disintegrated the aircraft and scattered the debris over a wide area. This type of explosion would leave little to no recognizable debris, making it difficult for search teams to locate and identify any wreckage. It is also possible that the wreckage sank to the bottom of the ocean or was carried away by ocean currents, further complicating the search efforts. However, an F-16 missile would not be able to cause a lack of debris for MH370. The aircraft's wings, fuselage, and other parts are designed to break apart upon impact, creating a wide field of debris. Additionally, modern aircraft like the Boeing 777 that MH370 was flying are equipped with multiple communication and tracking systems that would continue to transmit data even in the event of a missile strike. The only possibility is a clean hit, which kept the airframe structure mostly intact, yet seriously compromising the object's flight capabilities and forcing a nose-dive entry that would have permitted the object to sink to the bottom of the ocean without any debris formation. However, it is easier to simply report a crash site miles away from the real one to divert search efforts to a place you know they wouldn't find any debris. For the trick to work, you need to inform the airplane was tracked turning West (away from the Kuantan Sector), and flying over land towards Andaman, at the other end of the actual crash site

The surface-to-air missiles deployed for Exercise Bersama Lima in March 2014 were the US-made Patriot missiles. A Patriot missile is capable of intercepting and destroying a plane flying at 35000 feet of altitude. The Patriot missile system is designed to engage and destroy enemy aircraft and missiles at various altitudes, including high-altitude targets like planes. The system uses a combination of radar tracking, target identification, and precision guidance to successfully intercept and neutralize threats at long distances and high altitudes

Bersama Lima is a military exercise aiming to enhance interoperability and cooperation among the member nations in the areas of maritime security, counter-terrorism, and humanitarian assistance and disaster relief. During the exercise, troops from the five countries come together to conduct joint training activities such as amphibious landings, naval maneuvers, and combat simulations. The exercise also includes tabletop exercises and discussions on strategic and operational issues to improve coordination and communication among the participants. This multilateral naval exercise involving the navies of Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia, and the United Kingdom took place in the waters around Malaysia. The phase culminated in the task groups facing off in a 48-hour ‘freeplay’ event. Blue Force emerged as final victors securing the Red Force late in the second day with a well coordinated over-the-horizon missile engagement, which is a long-range, surface-to-surface warfare system intended to engage maritime targets both inside and beyond the radar horizon

163 UK Armed Forces personnel and six Typhoon aircraft were deployed on this exercise. Australia's HMAS Stuart is expected to play a significant role in the exercise with its embarked S-70B-2 Seahawk helicopter involved in hunting submarines and other maritime activities. In addition, the Royal Australian Air Force deployed two AP-3C Orion maritime patrol aircraft, while one KA350 King Air light transport aircraft was participating in the drill from the Royal Malaysian Air Force Base Butterworth, Malaysia. The E-7A Wedgetail participated in Exercise Bersama Lima. The E-7A Wedgetail provides Australia with one of the most advanced air battlespace management capabilities in the world. Based on the 737-700 commercial airliner airframe, the E-7A Wedgetail features advanced multi role electronically scanned radar and 10 state-of-the-art mission crew consoles that are able to track airborne and maritime targets simultaneously. Most fundamentally, the Wedgetail does not operate like an AWACs. There is a fundamental shift operationally in terms of how one uses the Wedgetail versus the AWACS. You no longer are limited or defined by a 360 degree rotator. The Wedgetail provides for the key function of air traffic control

More than 400 NZDF personnel, including crew from frigate HMNZS Te Mana and maritime sustainment vessel HMNZS Aotearoa, were involved in the Bersama Lima exercise. Twenty-eight NZDF staff were based at the headquarters in the Joint Warfighting Centre in Kuantan, from where the order to down the object came

Officially, the Malaysian military radar system recognised the ‘blip’ that appeared west after the left turn over IGARI was that of MH370. Even with the loss of SSR data, the Military long range air defence radar with Primary Surveillance Radar (PSR) capabilities affirmed that it was MH370 based on its track behaviour, characteristics and constant/ continuous track pattern/trend. Therefore, the Military did not pursue to intercept the aircraft since it was ‘friendly’ and did not pose any threat to national airspace security, integrity and sovereignty. That was the official version. Again, the last military radar station to detect MH370 was the Royal Malaysian Air Force radar station in Butterworth. This radar station detected the aircraft on its radar screen as it deviated from its intended flight path

The civilians stated that while conducting flight MH370 from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, 9M-MRO—a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200ER disappeared. They said they tracked the flight from take off at 00:41 local time (16:41 UTC) to cruising altitude at 35,000 feet, and that their last contact with MH370 occurred at 1:21 local (17:21 UTC) approximately 140 km northeast of Kuala Terengganu

China's State Administration for Science, Technology and Industry for National Defense release satellite photos of possible wreckage, but later announce that the release was a mistake, and the debris in the photos was unrelated to Flight 370. On 9th March, 2014, search efforts focused on the Gulf of Thailand. It was essential to keep eyes off the Kuantan Sector, and quite conveniently the information that the military radar tracked MH370 turning West and finally losing track over the strait of Malacca was disclosed that same day

Mike McKay's life changed when he reported a sighting off the coast of Vietnam on March 8, 2014, while on a break from his shift on the Songa Mercur oil rig around the time the Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 vanished. McKay said the surface location of the observation is Lat 08 22’ 30.20” N Lat 108 42.22.26” E. Vietnamese naval officer Le Minh Thanh told America’s ABC News that Vietnam sent a plane to the area (March, 13th) to investigate the man’s claims but the search was fruitless. Sseveral people on the ground or at sea claimed they saw Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 before it went missing after its post-midnight takeoff from Kuala Lumpur on March 8. The purported eyewitnesses include fishermen, an oil rig worker and islanders in an atoll. Some even alleged they saw it crash

10 March 2014: Search efforts scour an area within a 50-nautical-mile radius of the aircraft’s last known position and the northern Strait of Malacca. A Vietnamese plane had spotted a rectangular object that was thought to be one of the missing plane’s doors, but a search in the Andaman Sea finds nothing. Given that on March 8th 2014 at about noon local time Vietnamese search personnel reported they have detected an ELT distress signal about 20nm south of the coast of Ca Mau, and that in the night of March 9th 2014 Vietnam's Search and Rescue Control Center released a photo of a part floating in the Gulf of Thailand, that despite darkness was discovered by a Twin Otter Aircraft of Vietnam's Coast Guard at position N8.792 E103.374 114nm north of the last radar contact position, believed to be a part of the aircraft, we find essential to push forward the narrative that evidence begins to mount that the flight had headed West after contact with civilian air traffic controllers was lost. Additionaly, we recommend DENIED and DENIED services to urgently contact the Vietnamese to refrain from making any further statements

On March 10th 2014 Vietnam's Search and Rescue Control Center confirmed receiving the report by Hong Kong's Air Traffic Control Center stating that a Hong Kong based airliner reported a large field of debris while enroute on airway L642. A Thai cargo ship in the area was asked for assistance and has set course to the area but did not find anything unusual so far. A second vessel asked for assistance did find some debris. On March 10th 2014 Hong Kong's Civil Aviation Department confirmed a Cathay Pacific flight from Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur spotted large amount of debris while enroute off the coast of South East Vietnam

Of course, in a normal situation one takes every possible precaution to positively identify a target, especially when you suspect that it may be a commercial airliner. But that night the situation was not normal at all. To begin with, we were in the middle of military maneuvers, within a military exercise in which assets and troops from 5 nations were participating, in a perfectly delimited and marked area with exclusion of commercial flights. To continue, the target had no transponders or lights, and was advancing in a dive towards our positions. In addition, there were security alerts for terrorism and everyone was well aware of the incidents of 2013. Given the circumstances, the truly strange thing would have been not to shoot down that plane

All search operations in the hot spot of the Gulf of Thailand were finally handled over to the Royal Malaysian Navy offshore patrol vessel KD Terengganu and a U.S. Navy Sikorsky MH-60R Seahawk helicopter and assets from the Helicopter Maritime Strike Squadron HSM-78 Det, together with 2
Blue Hawks
from the guided-missile destroyer USS Pinckney (DDG-91). The Vietnamese agree to relinquish search operations to conduct air and sea search for the missing Malaysian Airlines jet in the Gulf of Thailand to the Americans. From thereon, no more reports about debris sighting in the Gulf of Thailand were issued

In January, 2016 we had bad news as part of the plane wreckage was found off the Nakhon Si Thammarat coast in Thailand, suspected to belong to the Malaysian Airlines’ flight MH370 that went missing in March 2014. Fishermen found the 2m x 3m metal part in the Gulf of Thailand on 23 January with barnacles grown on it. Thai aviation experts, who studied serial numbers on the bolt parts, confirmed the part belonged to a Boeing 777 aircraft. It is then someone decided to initiate the debris planting solution, the farther away from the Gulf of Thailand, the better. This explains the May and June 2016 findings on Ilot Bernache, in Mauritius, and Pemba island, in Tanzania

I don't know whether a catastrophic event such as a fire disabling much of the equipment, or a hijacking by unknown assailants, resulted in the pilots turning the plane back towards the Malaysian peninsula in the hope of landing at the nearest airport. The fact is they turned East, not West, and unknowingly entered the Bersama Lima Kuantan Sector airspace with no transponder, no comms, and no positional lights. The target was deemed a high level threat, and the decision was made to shoot down that plane. Whether that decision was taken by Dato’ Sri Hj Roslan bin Saad or another person is irrelevant

Don't you like Occam's razor? Tell me, what is easier to believe, that for whatever reason a commercial aircraft disconnected all its identification and location systems and flew over military radars in an area where, in addition, military air defense exercises involving armies of five nations were being carried out, and that it did so for five hours without being detected, or that a commercial aircraft for whatever reason disconnected all its identification and location systems and entered a restricted military area in the Gulf of Thailand where an air defense military exercise was underway, and was shot down? Perhaps your problem is that you find it hard to believe that five governments are lying, in which case you are the mystery, not flight MH370

Exercise Bersama Shield: Together And Relevant

Security competition by proxy: Asia Pacific interstate rivalry in the aftermath of the MH370 incident

Regional Overview: Self-Inflicted Wounds

Security risks–Forensic answer (Security and forensic lessons of vanishing MH370 Malaysian airplane)

Military build-up in the South China Sea

Legal considerations about the missing malaysia airlines flight MH 370

An Examination of the Legal Question of Shooting down Hijacked Planes through an Emphasis on Past Passenger Aircraft Incidents

The Five Power Defence Arrangements: Exercises and Regional Security, 2004–10

The disappearance of flight MH370: Conspiracy, concealment, bluff, and fiction

Geopolitics in the search for the disappeared Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370
