 and socially defined, and experienced in its social-demand character by the well-socialized participants and occupants. Our lives are embedded in a matrix of social customs and the enforced structures of law

They are us, after gross alterations in morphology, behavior, physiology, and, most important, neurology

At night during sleep one leaves the external reality in the consensus way of operating in that external reality with other persons, and enters into regions in which there are apparently other laws, other beliefs. In hypnotic states, in dream states, the laws of the external world may or may not rule that which happens. The laws of the apparent internal reality of the dream states do not have the constraints that the external reality has

One may then fall asleep and go through a long dream sequence and then wake up again in the sense that one comes back to the body and the brain, out of the dream world. With more and more exposure to the tank, one finds that, between the state of dreaming and the state of being wide awake and conscious of one's body, there are hundreds if not thousands of other states of being in which one's consciousness is unimpaired and apparently disconnected from the brain and the body

Do you have a theory of neurosomatic aesthetic, defining the natural, somatic dimensions of the beautiful? Do you have a theory of interstellar-neurogenetic teleology, defining the future course of individual and species evolution, leading to longevity and galactic symbiosis with Higher forms of life?  No, you haven't. You are unable to conceive of the future, and you ignore that evolution requires that some of us become  conscious agents of the future. For us the understanding and control of time is key

In three billion years you have evolved from unicelular organisms. In another three billion years from now you will become us

The rule-and-role structure in our planet is based on the sacred belief in the scientific method as the only valid approach to knowledge, the split between mind and matter, the view of nature as a mechanical system, the view of life in society as a competitive struggle for survival, and the belief in unlimited material progress to be achieved through economic and technological growth. Those are the beliefs that need be guaranteed after contact, and only when we  feel reassured those beliefs will be kept intact contact should take place. In the meantime, we will approach fast radio  bursts as comoslogical events, Oumuamua as an asteroid, Tabby star as an anomalous stellar event, and tic-tacs as military  weapons. That's the paradigm right now
