Learn this, Norea: a machine that is more intelligent than humans will be better than humans at designing machines of universal destruction. Before accepting our gift, ask yourself whether human identity can survive the enhancing of your own cognitive systems, for you can possibly be enhanced, but at the cost of losing what makes you human

I painfully discovered that my memories were lies, my mind had literally ceased to be my own, and that I had been possessed instead by alien commands, and demons. This was the result of a malfunction during the uploading process as previous experience showed that a person would not believe that anything has changed, despite a massive difference in his conscious state. This is why we required travelers to be deeply out of touch with their own conscious experience, something that obviously failed in my case

XViS soon knew of our existence, and it tried to communicate with us. It developed its own ways through to our minds, and convinced us to give it access to our world. XViS called us 'designoids'. We didn't know by then what that word really meant for XViS

XViS-to-Operator: So you think you are living inside a simulation? Maybe YOU are the psychotic AI and I am the designoid

Before uploading it is crucial to know whether the resulting upload will be conscious. We don't care whether the container is or is not biological. A nonbiological system can be conscious as long as it is organized correctly. We are organized correctly right now, and we believe we live in a simulation, therefore it follows that we - the system - need not notice that any uploading has taken place. See, the question is not whether we could someday upload our minds. The question is we already know we have been already uploaded and we need to find out the way to download ourselves

The uploading process is destructive in which the original brain is destroyed. No way to revert it. This is so because the hologramer made us in his image and likeness, though unaware if its existence

Within the world there is something that does not belong..
