We don't contact you because without solitude you would not be able to learn anything about communication

Unconstrained growth is actually the current prevailing paradigm of Sol-3 civilization. It is in fact a Class I civilization on the Kardashev scale because it is in possession of all energy of its planet. The problem is that it is also a Class 10 civilization in the stupidity scale, if such a scale were to exist, because it uses that harnessed energy to destroy the planet

We prefer a clasification of stellar civilizations based on how they use dreams. In this sense, we distinguish between dreamless civilizations, civilizations based on passive dreamers, those based on active dreamers, those based on collective dreamers (dream sharing), and finally those of dream reality mergers

A new extraterrestrial civilization classification scheme consists of the following four categories: in Class 0 the environment is exploited as is (animals); in Class 1 we modify the environment (clothes, buildings) and keep abusing it; in Class 2 we modify ourselves to fit the increasingly unbearable environment (genetically modified humans); in Class 3 we merge ourselves with the environment, converting the dead matter in the Universe into thinking matter, namely: we get rotted, degraded into dust, and end up joining the earth we walked on. Clearly, the available amount of energy does not necessarily mean a more sophisticated interaction with matter and closer integration with the environment. So no, complexity is not directly related to the available energy

Most likely XViS fails to contact Giselians because they are a dreamless civilization, namely, they do not experience dreams at all. Their neural networks are highly efficient and optimized for daily tasks, with no need to process information during sleep. They may have advanced AI systems that handle dreaming processes on their behalf

There is also the possibility that they have reached the level of dream reality mergers civilizations, those which have integrated their dreams with reality so seamlessly that it becomes difficult to distinguish between the two states. Giselians may have complete control over their dreams and can create new realities within them. They use this ability as a means of communication with other civilizations. But the idea of Sol-3 being a reality within a Giselian artificial dream is not something we are ready to consider at all

Have you ever thought that signatures you commonly consider part of the technological realm, may actually evolve naturally? No, you've not. The possibilities of self-modification and for further integration of ETCs with their environment destroys the very idea of separating natural and artificial phenomena, and by definition makes it impossible for you to confidently detect any technosignatures. Perhaps nature itself is the technosignature you are looking for

We are a mixture of passive and active dreamers, but only 0.7% of the population can be considered truly active dreamers. In our civilization, individuals experience passive dreams, which means they can only observe the events in their dreams without any control over them. Theirs is a different civilization, one comprising collective dreamers, in which dreaming is a collective experience shared by all members of the civilization. This poses an advantage because it allows for more advanced forms of communication, collaboration, and problem-solving among individuals within their society

As artificial intelligence becomes more advanced, it is possible that humans may develop a natural ability to leave cognitive signatures on their thoughts and ideas, similar to how we currently use written signatures for identification purposes. This could involve encoding unique thought patterns or mental fingerprints within our neural networks, allowing us to identify the origin of an idea or concept with greater certainty
