The US company CVRx developed medical devices (first generation Rheos™ and second generation Neo™) aimed to electronically activate baroreceptors, which signal the brain to orchestrate a multisystemic response to address chronic diseases such as hypertension and heart failure. We entertained the idea that a slight modification of these devices could turn them into effective hypnosis-inducing devices that would allow us to hypnotize those subjects who are hardly hypnotizable by standard procedures. We finally developed an endovascular barostimulation device under DARPA contract DENIED. SV09n set up a staged clinic that was supposedly part of the CALM-II study, comprising 47 centers all over US and Europe. Subjects were supposed to be treated for resistant hypertension, though targeted subjects were normal ones selected by the SV09n team

Barostimulation is known to result in increased pain thresholds, increased theta activity, and reduced muscular reflexes which are also typical features of trance states. The goal of this XViS program therefore consisted in developing a barostimulation implant that would generate the necessary patterns of stimulation to decrease heart beats in order to
trigger a specific altered state of consciousness

Ganzfeld (sensory homogenization) is the term to describe an unstructured, perfectly homogeneous perceptual, usually visual field. A longer exposure (from minutes to tens of minutes) to visual ganzfeld (a homogeneous red light field) and auditory ganzfeld (monotone noise, e.g., white or pink noise) may induce an altered state of consciousness characterized by episodes of imagery ranging from simple sensory impressions to hallucinatory, and dreamlike experiences. Visual imagery is the most commonly reported experience with perceptions involving other sensory modalities reported less frequently. Ganzfeld procedures are similar to sensory deprivation procedures, but differ in that the level physical sensory stimulation is maintained at medium to high levels. The subjective experience of ganzfeld imagery is similar to that reported for hypnagogic imagery.
It has been suggested ganzfeld procedures induce a hypnagogic state. Due to environmental restrictions, subjects under ganzfeld procedures can show little overt behaviour, but can respond verbally. Subjects’ verbal expression is often less organized than it is during the ordinary waking-state reports. This has been suggested to be due the dreamlike nature of ganzfeld experience and not to any impairment of cognitive function. It was assumed that ganzfeld induces a state favorable to
extrasensory perception
, which would then constitute a special class of altered consciousness. However, the experimental findings remain controversial. Time awareness is little affected by ganzfeld; with verbal estimates of elapsed time intervals (5–15 min) somewhat underestimated in comparison to the waking state

The view I am going to assume is that we are always, while alive, conscious. If it is true that while alive we are always conscious to some degree, and if it is true that we are always alive and not dead when we are asleep, then it is true that we are always conscious while asleep. We are always dreaming while we are asleep

The results of more recent studies suggest that hypnosis affects integrative functions of the brain and may cause an alteration and/or a breakdown of the communication between subunits within the brain that are responsible for the formation of conscious experience

Hypnosis may be induced by many different procedures. For example, progressive relaxation instructions, focusing on a swinging pendulum, staring at an object or focusing on a sound have all been reported as successful induction procedures. The induction procedure is usually followed by a series of direct or indirect suggestions for changes in experience, behaviour and cognition

hypnosis is associated with inhibition of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Now, this means you can dream while under hypnosis. We know in hypnotic states people are more susceptible to suggestions about how they might change their behaviour and attitudes, so we simply hypnotized the subjects and instructed them to fall asleep and dream of specific things and objects. We then proceeded to record their EEG, ECG, and other neurophysiological parameters in order to build our dreams database. The dreams database is then uploaded to microimplants developed to assist in reprogramming the thoughts and behaviours of those subjects

So yes, we can transfer one person's dreams to another person; actually, we call it dream injection technique. DIT has many applications in which we are interested, most of them ethically dubious, I guess
