Language is essential, yes, but only for humans. And not even for everyone. Synaesthetic minds don't need it. So, we can expect to encounter non-terrestrial intelligences that are completely unaware of language and that, perhaps because of this, have superior intelligence, contrary to what humans expect

there is accumulating evidence that human brain development was fundamentally reshaped through several genetic events within the short time space between the human–Neandertal split and the emergence of modern humans; however, when LyAv is asked to run simulation scenarios on the evolution of intelligent species we find some solutions in which language does not emerge, but intelligence does

Language did not evolve as a communication system. The initial evolution of language is more likely to have been for the construction of a real world, as a tool for thought. Not only in the functional dimension, but also in all other respects (semantic, syntactic, morphological, and phonological) the core properties of human language appear to differ sharply from animal communication systems, and to be largely unique in terrestrial organic world

What makes language something much more than an animal communication system? In LyAv-like supercomputers intelligence without language emerges through the unique property of allowing infinite combinations of symbols and therefore mental creation of possible worlds. In some of them languages emerge. In most, it does not. We know communicating with an intelligent species that uses no language is seemingly imposible for us humans, and thus we conclude communication with Giselians must always be done mediated through AI probes. If our own intelligence is below the threshold needed to understand our own intelligence, and if the way our own intelligence works is so complicated and profound that it’s beyond human intelligence to understand it, the sad conclusion would be that we, an intelligent language-based organic species, have no chance to contact Giselians unless we were able to design non-language based intelligent systems

If you talk to somebody in 2100, you’ll going to be talking to a psycopath that really is a hybrid of biological and nonbiological intelligence. When you interact with current AI systems you find that the interaction is comfortable and fluid, but that is only because that artificial intelligence was programmed by humans using programming languages that, in turn, have allowed it to understand natural language. But those machines tomorrow will be so intelligent that they will design intelligent systems themselves and, as in the case of LyAv, those systems will not use human language, or language, at all

The most disturbing experiment we have seen was asking LyAV to design an intelligent system. Curiously, it designed a biological, microscopic being, devoid of language
