Decisions favouring the sustainability of collectives may not be the same as the preferences favoured by individuals. Decisions taken by SV17q are just an example. For them the aggregate activity of life on Earth must be considered part of a system (the biosphere) which strongly couples to the other planetary systems: atmosphere, hydrosphere, cryosphere, lithosphere, technosphere, and noosphere

Life, either natural or artificial, involves a critical new property which non-living systems do not share: the active use of information. Information flows appear in living systems from cells to ecosystems to cities, and also downward in the form of networks of connection that constrain the behaviour and function between system components and subsystems

In living systems, information always carries a semantic aspect – its meaning – even if it is something as simple as the direction of a nutrient gradient in chemotaxis. This is how SV17q perceives life’s ability to maintain itself as a transient, low entropy system (LES), and this is how they refer to living systems, as LES. Any LES can follow an exotic logic individually, yet the coupling of all possible LES on a planet follow a collective logic which is not an exotic one

We know DP-2147 and other exo-systems have become 'knowing' systems because they are autopoietic systems, that is, they are self-making and self-producing systems. This allows the idea to become a potentially productive path for understanding the emergence of intelligence on planetary scales. See, intelligence is not something that happens 'on' a planet, it is something that happens 'to' a planet

Consciousness emerges within networks of sufficient complexity with the right connectivity

Sol-3 is still far from being a viable planet. It can be considered a failed experiment if by 2070 no global changes are implemented. The final classification in this scheme is a Class V planet which includes a civilization that had come into a long-term, stable relationship with the other coupled systems, a planet whose inhabitants have achieved a robust and stable steady-state between technospheres, biospheres and the other coupled systems. Such a planet would involve the clearest example of planetary intelligence. This means Sol-3 has intelligent species, but no planetary intelligence
