The son is the ruler. That's the game the neural network plays. The system under attack, from the point of view of the neural network, consists of a biological system (the human) and a non-biological system (the computers or networks). Obviously, one explanation of why the cyber attack is so devastating comes from the fact that cryptographic mechanisms in place are all transparent for the attacking neural network, that is: there is no secure cryptography algorithm the neural network cannot break, so essential and critical subsystems are all compromised during the first seconds of the attack. The novel behavior we have witnessed is that human operators are also viewed as systems to be attacked, and the neural network has long ago learned there is something crucial for countering human operators, i.e., make them trust the very machines under attack

The first thing you faced was an environment with distributed users, each one having his personal computer. Then, you learned how to connect all those computers to create a network of users and computers. But what do you know about the future, a future in which your mind will also be distributed? A future world in which it makes no sense talking about 'user Alice is here' but, instead, 'user Alice is everywhere'? It is a world in which what makes you be you will be distributed both in space and time, as in a blockchain. That's the world Tired Light II belongs to, and that's why we are so clueless about how it works

In order to anticipate how to effectively hack a quantum computer you first need to build one. Furthermore, in order to learn how to counter a superintelligence you first need to build one. We currently have two: LyAv, and Tired Light II. We need to learn how to hack a memory made of carbon nanotubes, how to force an electro fractionalization on a graphene surface, how to code malware for optical transmission lines, how to deploy malicious quantum cellular automata, and so on. We need to learn how to attack biotech-based processing units, how to disable nanoelectronics, how to hack photonic devices... We need to know how to survive a superintelligence. That's what we need
