A LaCE can develop a semantic view of the world and a second-order intentional approach to reality. All the processes are the result of a self-emergent data integration mechanism which makes possible the emergence of the binding activity called ”consciousness”, therefore a LaCE gets conscious after a few interactions with the environment. But a LaCE cannot go further than that because it lacks a symbolic way to understand that reality. This is why LaCEs are subsymbolic systems

Dreams, and dream language, is a means of encoding and transmitting certain information between members of different intelligent species. What this information is, is debatable. A dream model, such as current LaCEs, is trained only on visual data, implicitly endorsing the idea that meaning is just relations between images. In order to predict the intent of other LaCEs, one LaCE always assumes others conceive the world as they do. In order for communication to be possible two LaCEs must possess approximately the same solution to the same problem. Not only must they experience similar stimuli with which to construct symbolic abstractions, but imbue that stimuli with similar significance in terms of satisfying their compulsions

No. We can't. We can't because we are not trying to study a non-terrestrial artificial object by simply using the usual tools (telescopes, exploration probes, signal analysis, and so on). No; it is about an intelligent, conscious object, and maybe it is not even an object. Perhaps it is simply the alien. To communicate with an Eskimo one uses language, not a telescope, and to communicate with DP-2147 we don't use space probes: we use LaCEs

Yes, that's true: it is no nation that we inhabit, but a language. Make no mistake; our native tongue is our true fatherland. But if the common behavior of mankind is the system of reference by means of which we interpret an unknown language, what does this mean for DP-2147? They are not just sensing our technosphere, they are interpreting it. We are still one step behind, we are just analyzing the Eskimo, not what the Eskimo says

Language disguises thought, does thought disguise reality? That object, that entity or whatever it is, has no language, no thoughts. It is pure reality. If it were just a system based on an exotic logic we could at least characterize it without understanding it, but the truth is that the only thing we know with certainty is its orbit. Just that and nothing more than that

The function of metaphors is to map the dream onto the meaning of the dream, giving relevant knowledge of the dreamer’s life. XViS captures metaphors, so we created a database containing all possible metaphors acquired during the DENIED metaphor-collecting program. This database was also used during LyAV training. When LyAV creates LaCEs it uses the metaphor database. However, emotions are internal states that lie somewhere in between the body and the mind, a layer LaCEs lack

An encounter between our probes and DP-2147 is a communicative situation. In that situation the need of transferring effectively a message and confirming our belonging to a common way of thinking, co-exists with the need of maintaining an internal coherence, and respecting the coherence of our own mental world. The two needs meet in that part of our mind where we internalized and we represented our listener. The situation is different when the presence of the other (the listener) disappears, and an individual’s truth and ideas do not need to be mediated by a verbal expression, as it happens in dreams. Because LyAV's functioning is based on dreams, it is a must for LaCEs to make DP-2147 disappear, figuratively speaking, of course. But again, LaCEs cannot dream

Human beings express themselves through words and metaphors not only for communicating and explaining contents to others, but also for communicating and explaining contents to themselves. Metaphors are cognitive mechanisms that allow them to expose themselves, get out of balance, and eventually re-compose their identity in a deeper and more compact sense of truth. Through metaphors they consolidate and expand their own identity. Thus, it is essential to craft human-specific metaphors when communicating with humans, even in the dreamstate within which we communicate with them. They won't understand any other conceptual framework that is not humanlike; they simply cannot
