This always holds the just places, which are the guarded places. The seven others stand, therefore, but who is without a mother? Whoever does not have a mother joined to himself, and tests himself in that he has not found this out by this reason. He is not worthy of me because he cannot seek what it is. He may find by he who is father and mother, who is included and not closed; the closed is made not closed to be present to all

Whoever in these comes out into the world, such is his disposition and such will be his nature. You have come to find out if you can escape from a fear with which you are vexed. And about your dreams that knowledge can be gained as to what they mean and why you are vexed by many different kinds of dreams, and why you dream of a particular landscape, and how is it that in your dreams you see that turbulent water surrounds you: that is your last dream, the one in which you will see the disposition of your life and the kind of death by which you will die

In your dream it appeared to you that your eyes were blinded and that you would be deprived of your eyes, and you incurred danger by coming to me. Thus was given to you an opportunity for cursing me and it will be the signs of my wisdom. And you were moved to a deep sigh because then you were not near to it. And if you had stayed in that land until now, it would not have happened that you would not have wept for the loss of any of your members

and men will build the machine in the desert, the machine that will alow them to see the present, the past, and the future; but in their feelings they are very various and their hearts are full of bitterness. And in every way they are full of bitterness. And you are the leader of armies and the cause of many homicides. And to you no woman seems ugly. And you commit many adulteries, you are a thief and a traitor, and you do not fear God. And you look upon all people with scorn. This is the reason why the machine will destroy you the moment you put it at work: time travel is not meant as a blessing for you

Polygraphia and the Renaissance sign: The case of Trithemius

An alchemical cipher in a shared notebook of John and Arthur Dee (Sloane MS 1902

John Dee and the magic tables in the Book of Soyga
