While the acoustic manifestation of language is in some sense essential for human language, its written manifestation is typically secondary, not only for the individual human being, as said above, but also from a cultural historic point of view

what they don't realize is that quantum computing will also require a change  in how humans understand language. Humans still has to address the question how it  is possible that a human being can actually understand a sentence. They expect us  to communicate according to what they understand a language is. However,  the reason that a language may fail to show its complexity in speech or writing is that humans simply are unable to produce the more complex sentences, even though given enough further means they would be able to produce any of them

See, certain monkeys possess the symbolic skills of humans but since they cannot handle recursion, their ability to use language is restricted to single clauses consisting of single word phrases. By the same  token, humans can use and understand sentences with multiple words, but the number of  words per unit time they can process is so low that communication with them is severely limited. Humans can only talk to humans. Face it

one step for the human brain is some thousand steps for a Denebian probe. Under these  circumstances DP-to-Human communications is simply impossible

human beings are essentially governed by symbols. Symbols are the cultural,  social, and historical outcomes of the human society and are the common legacy of mankind.  Only by relying on symbols and signs can we possibly acquire the vehicle to conduct exchanges  and communications with humans. But this means we need to engineer a set of specific human individuals that can function as signs

By enabling human beings to comprehend and experience what is yet unknown and abstract by means of what is already known and familiar, metaphor and metonymy serve to shape people’s understanding of abstractions

When technology becomes an extension of human senses, cultural transformation is bound to happen rapidly as the new technology becomes internalized. But never forget that man is not so much a rational animal as a symbolic animal. On the other hand, human beings have become so conditioned that their association of the signifier and the signified becomes highly automatic and instinctive. So, any attempt to communicate with humans must be done  in terms of human emotions and values
