We know that emotions not only influence the quality of our life, but they also determine the substance of our perceptions and actions, or, in other words, the context. Moreover, they are real, and thus they must correspond to some physical property

whether people categorise an episode of core affect as anger, fear, or sadness depends on acquired conceptual knowledge (emotion scripts)

Core affect is the neurophysiological state consciously accessible as the simplest raw (nonreflective) feelings evident in moods and emotions. Core affect is primitive, universal , and simple (irreducible on the mental plane). It can exist without being labeled, interpreted, or attributed to any cause

Measuring a persons emotional state is one of the most vexing problems in affective science; there is no objective way of determining when someone is, or is not, in a particular emotional state. This means we cannot know if our agents are automatons or not

Every human thought or emotion is represented by neurophysiological states, which are specific physical configurations in the brain. Can we measure those states in a time traveler? When time traveling, subjects are not able anymore to perform judgements about their affective state A or about the event X without mixing them. For you, what matters to the question of intelligence is whether those beings function as if they were conscious. The answer is yes. But if you ask me whether those subjects are emotional, I'm afraid the answer is no

Because it involves only re-experiencing past events, experience replay results in agents whose ability to adapt to novel scenarios is markedly limited. In other words, time travelers lack the ability to not just learn a new task, but to learn to learn. Metalearning is what they lack

Mental time travel as the ability to project oneself into a past or future experience. Mental time travel is a first-person experience, going beyond pure knowledge retrieval from semantic memory. In humans, it is strongly tied to causal reasoning, as one does not merely re-experience that event from the perspective of a passive observer, but can intervene on the event in novel ways as if one was actually there. If this dependency on causality is broken, as it happens during time travel, the resulting behavior is what we observe: subjects become automatons, and their behavior are described by witnesses as robotic. They are perceived as emotionless

Humans have an autonoetic consciousness, a sense of subjective lived time; one they time travel, they lose this ability. The resulting consequences are known to us all here. Can our time travelers generate previously seen trajectories of observations and actions? Yes, but only those trajectories of observations and actions that belong to the timeline they have arrived to. They lose any memory of their previous experiences in the original timeline. That is, they ignore they have time traveled. We need the agent performing the time-traveling be aware of itself doing so

Look, continually experiencing different time periods and witnessing various historical events could potentially lead to emotional detachment. If someone constantly travels through time, they may become desensitized to emotional experiences or struggle with forming deep connections and attachments. That's why memoryless agents are used, and that's why we remove any memory of their incoming timeline
