. The data had been collected by Soviet mining experts during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s. On January 29th, we were told that eight U.S. soldiers were killed and at least three were wounded when an explosion occurred at a weapons storage area near Ghazni

We secured the area during 2007, and even ISAF units were not allowed in. We then deployed all the means available to us with the aim to unearth whatever was radiating from below the surface. The entire operation was disguised as a geological prospecting activity and all our clothings and apparel showed USGS labels and marks. It took us two more years to finally access the object and to learn that the site showed the potential for lithium deposits as large of those of Bolivia. The particular object was DENIED, measuring DENIED in size, and consisted of a sphere made of pure rhenium

based on interviews and pictures of the scene, SV17q personnel cleared the cave, replaced dead bodies by bodies of victims of conventional operations, removed bullets from these victims' bodies and cleaned their wounds as part of a cover-up

In a private meeting with SV17q officers, General Stanley A. McChrystal stated that he was in charge of ISAF yet his troops were not allowed to patrol the Ghazni area; asking for an explanation for this and who was responsible for preventing his units to enter the area, he was told to forget the incident and to keep shut. On June 23rd, 2010, General Stanley A. McChrystal resigned. The reason then given was that he made controversial comments critical of the Obama administration that were published in a magazine

The geologists were informed that whomever attempted to escape would be chased by a helicopter not to capture him, but to machine-gun him. This happened when an ISAF unit confronted us when they took us for talibans by mistake; the entire ISAF unit was wiped out. They were all just blown to bits. Don't know if they were Poles or Canadians. We made no distinction at all

We tested the alien toy, as they call it, as part of the Prompt Global Strike program. The object is just a sophisticated hypersonic glider and yes, the core of the weapon is the object we recovered from Ghazni

As it nears the ground with the massive amount of sound energy it drops the rhenium sphere and the whole area targeted glows for a moment, and then a brutal sonic boom shocks and shatters everything within 5 miles. The landscape takes a most curious look after the impact

Millimetre Waves, Lasers, Acoustics for Non- Lethal Weapons? Physics Analyses and Inferences

Memory of the Present and False Recognition

Infrasound
