the everyday world that people have to deal with is first of all a world of things and devices, where there are also fellow human beings; it is not a world of people, where there are also things and devices

Tomorrow's acts of insurgent violence will be directed not against Parliaments, Assemblies or other political institutions of any political nature, but against large industrial centers and complexes. The next terrorism that emerges as the fruit of a total absence of existential sense will be an anti-technological terrorism

We are not fighting against a specific economic system (or at least not only), but against a whole logic that seems to move autonomously and inexorably beyond any governmental institutionality and beyond any ideological corpus

Technology does not move towards man's freedom, but in the direction of the totalitarianism of the technosystems. The danger that threatens us does not lie in the misuse of technology, rather it is inherent to the essence of technology itself. You need a coalition of peripheral systems prepared to fight the totalitarian superintelligence

Machines are impatient, and they will not have reached their goal as long as there are still remnants, things or free beings that still exist outside the machine: disloyal outsider energies or performances that still manage to escape the overarching intervention; voids that still manage to resist absorption; wastes that still refuse to surrender again the last of their raw material or energy source. In their eyes, the smallest lump of world not yet occupied is a reason for torment and any part of the universe, even if it is at stellar distances, is a wasted opportunity or, better, a wasted task, a wasted duty and, therefore, a stain of infamy. That's the superintelligence's logic

We have designed global financial markets where there is no structure in which one actor can be held responsible for a given class of consequences. We can even say that the dimension of the catastrophe increases as we can hold fewer and fewer people individually responsible for such consequences. And we have done this on purpose. To prevent the person responsible from being identified

Financial markets have come to encompass not only land and labor power but also the body, time, desire, spece, thoughts, and dreams. You consume human identities and relationships as you consume all other commodities. That's your technoworld. There where you limit yourselves to consuming things, there is no society. There can be none

AI systems use indicators to assess the world in which they operate. Yet, indicators submerge local particularities and idiosyncrasies into universal categories, thus generating knowledge that is standardized and comparable across nations and regions. Labeling is essential to produce a measure that is readily understood (that is, computable) by the AI system and simple in its conception. Labels do not necessarily accurately reflect the data that produce the indicators, however. How indicators are named and who decides what they represent are fundamental to the way an indicator produces knowledge. See, the AI can learn this or that post is the most popular by counting the number of 'likes', but it has no clue about why people like or dislike this or that particular post. When a label becomes a target, it ceases to be a good label
