We do not want to send data, neither to store it. Data is an old concept, you know. What we wish is to be able to send 'experiences' from one end of the Universe to the other end; we want to store consciousness, nor data. Next step is to be able to transfer consciousness from a living biological brain to a mechanical brain, you see, achieving the realization of consciousness in robots. But this is just an intermediate step 'cause in the end robots are just junk. No mechanical device, no biological system withstands the extreme conditions needed to explore the Universe. Only consciousness can do it. That's what consciousness was meant for

We are not satisfied with enhancing biological systems and simulating biological systems by using inorganic hardware components such as silicon-based chips or mechanical devices. That's okay for, say, solar system exploration. But the solar system is just a tiny and insignificant part of the quest. Yes, you'll see intelligent conscious robots and proxy-humanoids in a near future. But that's not enough. Robots can be destroyed, in fact entire planets can be wiped out by stupid cosmic events such as solar flares or a fucking supernova burst. So no, enhanced biological systems is not the aim. Again, we wish to store and transfer consciousness. That's what we need

By definition, the size of the virus used to hack the superintelligence must be as large as the superintelligence itself. For the virus to work, it must be conscious and have awareness. In other words, the only way to hack a superintelligence is to use another superintelligence

All projects researching on hypnotic past-life regression were cancelled. The funds were transferred to those programs having to do with memory erasing and reprogramming. It is as if SV17q wanted to stop us from achieving verifiable results and, instead, they wanted to achieve the opposite: accepting re-incarnation is true, SV17q wanted to supress that knowledge. I must add the official statement SV17q gave to us was that reincarnation was of no interest to them because our results convinced them we are here talking about memory transfer and not necessarily consciousness transfer, which is what they are interested in

Soul? Soul is just a transfer mechanism. It is a mechanism suitable to transfer consciousness, but it only works for some biological lifeforms. You'd be surprise to know there are other transfer mechanisms suitable for specific non-biological lifeforms. Anyway, the specific mechanism to use to transfer consciousness is the least of our problems right now

Machine deep learning works as long as the quality of data being used to train the neural network is high. A low quality data yields a low quality system. While current neural and artificial systems must be trained, a superintelligence does not: it learns by itself. However, the data quality still holds, that is, the superintelligence still requires to prey on data. The idea of contaminating data, namely, to intentionally lower the quality of data in order for the superintelligence to become harmless and dumb, is a research area of the utmost importance for us

We know certain anesthetics act on areas of the brain's cortex near the midline and abolish behavioral responsiveness, but not necessarily consciousness. Unconsciousness is likely to ensue when a complex of brain regions in the posterior parietal area is inactivated. We then set ourselves with the task to design computer viruses that could be used against the superintelligence in order for its consciousness to vanish. We think this could only work if, and only if, the virus produces a functional disconnection in key parts of the superintelligence's brain with the aim to interrupt cortical communication and causing a loss of integration. However, testing this hypothesis would require planting the virus inside DP-2147, a task we have no idea how it could be done

SV06n supported a research group working on telesomatics. Telesomatic phenomena are those phenomena in which a physical sensation is experienced by an individual at a distance from and without material connection to the instigating cause. The group was tasked with the goal to generate telesomatic phenomena and, in particular, to induce near-death experiences on subjects at a distance. I've witnessed people in the DENIED airport going through seizures episodes triggered from the lab located in DENIED, 3,000 Kms away from the airport
