We do not detect any laser beams in the search volume, therefore we do assume that if a lightweight spaceship visits us, it does so by being accelerated via solar radiation to a significant fraction of the speed of light. Lasers are ruled out in our search

We know that gravitational assists, in combination with the stellar photon pressure, can decelerate an incoming lightsail and make it orbit around Sol-3. The Milankovitch Maneouver can then be used to bring it to rest

We don't think it is a casuality to find the highest concentration of these nanocrafts or 'intelligent space debris' there where we park our most sensitive national security satellites, which are the ones we precisely use for tasks such as guiding precision bombs and spying on adversaries

Obviously, any nanocraft entereing our atmosphere would immediatly disintegrate mainly due to pressure, heat, and friction, so you won't find them here on Earth. If you wish to recover any of those nanocrafts you are to do it there in space. But I even doubt those nanocrafts could ever have made it that far: if the probe collides with a dust particle the probe would instantly be destroyed. In my view these are space weapons deployed by third country, or maybe they are ours and I shouldn't know, anyway

Though you would expect that the miniaturization of electronic components would increase its vulnerability to the interstellar radiation environment, recent advances in Field-Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) and latch up protection have considerably reduced the vulnerability of electric circuits to in-space radiation in general. Anyway, any interstellar probe you could imagine is essentially impossible to protect against galactic cosmic rays, which makes us think these nanocrafts could have a local origin

We have treaties here at home. The treaties clearly state that the State that launches a space object retains jurisdiction and control over that object. I'd like to think they have no such treaties because if they do, well, we have violated them. And I'm afraid you cannot oppose the idea that near Earth orbit is the propiety of we earthlings. Space belongs to none

We always look for effective means to neutralize our enemies' space-based assets. Nanocrafts are certainly a good choice; they are small, they are cheap, you can launch hundreds of them using just one launcher, in case of a re-entry event they disintegrate in the atmosphere, and they act as a swarm that target a specific asset at a time, being able to move to next target autonomously. Finally, they are extremely difficult to detect amidst the space debris. So yes, it wouldn't be a surprise to find those nanocrafts up there in space now
