. For what we know, all quantum measurements require an observer, a conscious observer. There are quantum systems that necessarily involves a certain conscious activity and, as it happens, those quantum systems seem to be essential for explaining the Cosmos

scientists believe in naïve realism. Only what they see with their instruments seems real; they cannot see Denebian probes, therefore Denebian probes do not exist. That was the paradigm before the Yulara event

This is what happens when you observe a Denebian probe: you observe a strange glimmering object hovering in mid air, just in front of you; you use your eyes to collect visual information, and you use your brain to process that information and generate a visual representation of the object; but, as a human, your visual perception has a maximum rate of information processing that cannot be exceeded. That rate is about 45 bits per second. The Denebian probe is engineered to cope with those biological limitations in your brain: it knows your brain treats observations as a message containing information, and it knows information for you means regularities, patterns, and a definite statistical structure. Otherwise your brain wouldn't be able to process the information

That's why the Denebian probe flickers, quickly changes position, shape, colour, etc., so fast your brain simply cannot process what your eyes see. And there you are, puzzled, stoned, amazed at what have just happened in your living room, in front of you, and for which you find no words to describe. It is a heartbreaking and totally distressing experience

There is a time-delay between when the thought of an action occurs and when the awareness of making an action happens. Your brain is always performing a constant comparison of incoming information with that in memory and this process is essential for understanding the meaning of the incoming information. Denebian probes are designed taking these limitations into account, and that's why you can get an approximate idea of what these probes are only when you dream. In other words: information exchange with these 'entities' can only be done in the dream state
