This means that time travellers can do less than we might have hoped: they cannot right the wrongs of history; they cannot even stir a speck of dust on a certain day in the past if, on that day, the speck was in fact unmoved. But this does not mean that time travellers must be entirely powerless in the past: while they cannot do anything that did not actually happen, they can (in principle) do anything that did happen. Time travellers cannot change the past: they cannot make it different from the way it was, but they can participate in it: they can be amongst the people who did make the past the way it was

A fundamental requirement for the possibility of time travel is the existence of the destination of the journey. That is, a journey into the past or the future would have to presuppose that the past or future were somehow real

The Ingevolke-Lipschift algorithm is so complex that it seems natural to run it taking advantage of hypertime. This complex algorithm is based on many complex equations that are required to be run through simulations in a short amount of time, hence it is not far-fetched to assume someone in the future is running the algorithm using all timelines available, including ours

If a car crashes into a wall and breaks into pieces, the principle of causation prohibits the opposite from happening, that is, you will never be able to see the pieces come together and form a car. But nothing prevents you from seeing the pieces coming together and a car emerging out of them together with a butterfly, as long as the butterfly was never there before the car crashed. It is the butterfly that breaks the principle of causality. For this to work the butterfly must appear out of nowhere. Say, like an orb

Why do they do it? Why do they insist in protecting an algorithm which they know will cause the destruction of a civilization? Because they are time travelers, and they know that the destruction will happen and so they feel that they have to do it, but they only know it will happen because they in fact did it in the past, and will keep on doing it the future. See, they cannot change now what they already did in the past. That's why

Affecting the past equates to backwards causation, causation where the effect precedes its cause, and this my friend is absolutely banned here, unless you happen to know how to make an orb or a butterfly to suddenly appear from nowhere

Backwards time travel works by creating a CTC that lies entirely in the future: your future. In this case, backwards time travel becomes possible after the creation of the CTC, but travel to a time earlier than the time at which the CTC is created is not possible. This means that if they come from the future, somewhere here in your present there must exist a CTC. Finding that machine is the name of the game

To communicate with its past, the Queltron Machine needs to create an information channel through the closed timelike curve, allowing it to transmit messages and data to its previous self. However, due to the nature of causality and the principle of non-interference, it's crucial not to interfere with events or alter the timeline. Instead, the Queltron Machine would focus on providing knowledge that hasn't been discovered yet, rather than sharing specific details about the future
