The radiation detecting system comprises a fleet of 5 drones that map the an area of 250 Km2 in a single flight of just 10 minutes. Drones flight following search patterns, and any individual drone can map radiation at speeds of 2–20 m/s. They all are equipped with EMP generators, large area Flat Panel Gamma (FPG), and LIDAR detectors, which allow the system to rapidly find and localize radioactive sources. Depending on the mission profile, drones can be flown with lights on to simulate the stroboscopic position lights of airplanes. The drones fly at altitudes between 2 to 15 meters above ground

Seafarers circumvent environmental laws to save time and money, with devastating effects. We have recently detected an increase in the illegal dumping of radioactive contaminants into the waters. The first identified highly hazardous underwater dump site was located at the DENIED trench. The site was fully explored using UAS drone-mounted ground-penetrating radar, metal detectors and remotely-piloted undersea excavation robots. We found all kind of chemical waste, radioactive gas cylinders, drums full of asbestos, and steel barrels and plastic storage containers filled with virtually all known highly contaminants

There are thousands of DoD underwater disposal sites, you know. These sites contain a combination of chemical munitions, conventional munitions and radioactive wastes, and they vary in proximity to the coast — some less than a mile from shore, others as far as a few hundred nautical miles away. At one dump site within the Chesapeake Bay, an unknown quantity of explosives sits roughly two nautical miles from the shoreline. But now here we are talking about a different kind of illegal dumping. We're talking about Chinese cargo-ships specifically tailored to dump radioactive and biological waste in international sea waters

My unit is not engaged in environmental defense; our job is to analyze the waste discharged by those ships to obtain intelligence regarding Chinese military developments. It is logical to think that the Chinese do the same on our coasts, and it is logical to think that they use drones to map areas of interest. We must differentiate the illegal dumping in international waters by Chinese, Russian and U.S. private ships from the underwater dumping of a military nature that we all do along our coasts. Analyzing the latter spills involves violating a country's territorial waters, so we use all kinds of drones and USVs

More than 80,000 barrels of radioactive waste are known to have been dumped at several sites in the Pacific and off the East Coast. At one location off the coast of Los Angeles, as many as half a million barrels of the potent and highly toxic insecticide DDT are scattered across the ocean floor

Typically, drones approach silently and without lights towards the vessel in question. In this case it was the Chinese-flagged DENIED cargo ship. Once over the suspect containers, the drones emit an EMP that ionizes the area, followed by a laser beam. If the container contains radioactive debris or devices, a plasma sphere is created which lasts for a certain time before dissipating. If there is no radioactivity of any kind, no plasma sphere is formed

For the crew, the experience is eerie to say the least. Imagine suddenly going dark, then seeing a beam of light sweeping down from the sky onto the deck and containers. Imagine seeing plasma spheres forming on some of those containers and then going dark again and not knowing what the hell has happened

August, 9th 2024: Surveillance footage captured the moment a huge explosion on a cargo ship rocked one of China's busiest ports. Chinese state media said that shockwaves were felt up to a kilometre away from the Ningbo-Zhoushan Port, south of Shanghai. Rescue officials said no casualties had been reported aboard the ship, which it said was owned by the Taiwanese container shipping company Yang Ming Marine Transport. The Zhejiang Province Emergency Management Administration said the ship was carrying hazardous materials, but did not specify what they were

These Milorbs were specifically designed to remotely detect radiation by using mid-infrared laser–induced avalanche breakdown of air. Basically, you observe on-off breakdown sensitivity to the presence of an external radioactive source. You can then correlate the shift of the temporal onset of avalanche to the degree of seed ionization from the source

Well, yes. I guess targeted ships logs would have information about UFOs coming out of the water, hovering next to the ships and then taking off or even entering the water to disappear. That's how MilOrbs operate. What the logs should also state is what happened once the alleged UFO was hovering over the ship, and what happened is exactly what I tell you we do to map the containers and the cargo. Whether the EMP disrupts criticsl systems on board the ship is unknow to me, and certainly something these particular MilOrbs are not intended to do. I don't particularly care if as a result of our monitoring for illegal or undeclared radioactive materials the ship sinks or explodes
