They have the sad and empty look of benzodiazepines, and the gray dreams of those who feel like a mere bit in an ocean of data. A human... look

If you left health in the hands of the merchants, what did you expect? Did you not expect them to turn health into a luxury item and sanity into mental disorder? What are your cities, tell me? What are those depersonalized cities where millions of benzodiazepine addicts play to survive in a world that is unraveling day after day? A climate crisis, a demographic crisis, an environmental crisis, wars and pandemics, a crisis of values, a nihilism and cynicism that despises everything and everyone, tell me, what signature do they bear? They do not bear the signature of any god, nor the signature of any demon. They bear the signature, the face and the name of the merchants to whom you sold your soul. It is the face of suicidal technological supercapitalism. AI, videogames, and benzodiazepines, that's all your civilization is

We are aware of serious side effects, which include suicide in those under the age of 25, serotonin syndrome, bleeding, agressivity, anxiety, agitation, and mania; and we know a withdrawal syndrome occurs if the medication is abruptly stopped or the dose is decreased. And we know that most of the population are elderly people who live alone and are unlikely to be able to follow the dosing guidelines. Yes, we also know that the number of suicides among the over-65 population has increased, and we are aware that the number of criminals over the age of 65 has also increased. And we know that benzodiazepines are to blame. Now ask yourself why, if we know all that, we continue to massively prescribe benzodiazepines

Vortioxetine was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults in September 2013, and it was approved in the European Union later that year. Vortioxetine, you see, was discovered by scientists at Lundbeck. It was first called Lu AA21004 and was first reported in a 2011 paper. Have you ever heard of Takeda? It is the company accused of of Medicaid fraud through illegal reimbursement arrangements and paid referrals in Texas, the one that broke antitrust laws in Japan, the one involded in several frauds and scandals. The one that sells vortioxetine

Our report was clear and explicit. We reported serious adverse events, including suicidal behaviour, among the elderly. Although the studies were not powered to detect differences in rare adverse events, we noticed withdrawals due to adverse events occurred more frequently in the higher-dose vortioxetine groups compared to the placebo groups, and no new safety signals were identified in the longer-term open-label extension studies. Our report talked about the curious increase in aggressiveness of the elderly treated with the new drug, and that is what caught DENIED's attention. That they then developed drugs for military purposes to increase the aggressiveness of soldiers and that the result was a dramatic increase in the suicide rate among military personnel is no longer relevant

On May 20, 2011 it was reported that there were strong evidence of the troubling increase in prescription drug abuse that reached hospital emergency rooms, facing an increasing medication-related suicide attempts among women 50 and older. It was a federal survey (Drug Abuse Warning Network (DAWN) report dated May 12, 2011), you know, stating that from 2005 to 2009, suicide attempts in which drugs played some role rose from 11,235 to 16,757 among women ages 50 and up. But the survey didn't make it clear which drugs were to be blamed for that increase. The oxycontin epidemic obscured the real data. We were fortunate enough to be able to reanalyze the data using AI, and it was then that a clear signal emerged: in the elderly population, vortioxetine was the culprit

That was a strange meeting, I must say. I was led into an austere, stark, all-white, perfectly lit room. They sat me down and told me to wait. Two guys came in who didn't introduce themselves and started asking me pithy questions. They asked me if I knew the 2010 Moore-Glenmullen-Furberg report, and read me the conclusions of the report: Acts of violence towards others are a genuine and serious adverse drug event associated with a relatively small group of drugs. Varenicline, which increases the availability of dopamine, and antidepressants with serotonergic effects were the most strongly and consistently implicated drugs. Prospective studies to evaluate systematically this side effect are needed to establish the incidence, confirm differences among drugs and identify additional common features

The context, yes, you always ask for the context... now, here is your context: on February 15, 2011, Takeda Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., announced that its Pharmaceutical Development Division had entered into strategic partnerships with Covance and Quintiles, two of the world’s largest full-service contract research organizations. Under terms of the agreements, Covance and Quintiles would work in close partnership with Takeda to plan and execute global development programs to support new compounds in all therapeutic areas, except oncology

proteolytic cleavage site” into bat coronaviruses. Ask the EcoHealth Alliance, and ask them what was DARPA's reply. But you are not interested, are you? You brought me here to talk about Covance, Takeda, and vortioxetine

Takeda Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc. received an award from the Illinois Committee of the Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve (ESGR) during a recent ceremony at the Naval Station Great Lakes in Waukegan, Illinois to recognize the company for its support of employees involved in the National Guard and Reserve. In addition, Takeda employee Scott Maxson also received an individual award from ESGR based on the nomination of an employee reservist. No comment
