In a clearly covert large-scale operation for recruiting dreamers, advertisements for a lucid dreaming study were posted around all the university campuses and surrounding regions all over the world. The study advertisement targeted lucid dreamers, though there was no required lucid dreaming frequency

In this particular university the researchers explained the goal of the program was testing Dormio, a Targeted Dream Incubation (TDI) device. The protocol, implemented through an app in conjunction with a wearable sleep-tracking sensor device, not only helps record dream reports, but also guides dreams toward particular themes by repeating targeted information at sleep onset, thereby enabling incorporation of this information into dream content. Only later we knew the program was funded by XViS

The data collected by Dormio were recorded in a database that the researchers used to analyze NREM and REM signals, signals that were sent to DENIED to train the LyAV supercomputer, something that was not specified in any project documentation

There are different devices used to gather that valuable EEG signals. Dormio is worn during a hypnagogic period, designed to repeatedly detect sleep onset and present auditory dream incubation prompts. This enables targeted direction of dream content in the hypnagogic state; other teams use transcranial alternating current (tAC) stimulation during sleep to increase dream self-awareness. XViS also uses other more advanced dream data gathering protocols targeting hypnagogic state. Hypnagogia (the earliest sleep stage) is similar to the REM stage in terms of brainwaves and experience; however, unlike REM, individuals can still hear audio during hypnagogia while they dream

You must understand that EEG signals are the most valuable and sought after data today. A database containing millions of EEG signals with which to train an AI is something so valuable that SV17q is willing to kill for it

Among other tests, participants also completed the Karolinska Drowsiness Test (KDT, 3-minute eyes open) during which they were instructed to relax, keep eyes open, and maintain a fixed gaze on a black dot in front of them while avoiding any movements or frequent blinking. The KDT allowed for waking EEG recording under standardized and reproducible conditions where artifacts from movement were minimized. Some participant were administered dream-inducing drugs, most of the time without even being aware of it

SV06n is a team under the SV17q directorate. They focus on gathering data from the dreams of persons who are blind, deaf, mute, and paraplegic from birth. See, such subjects do not dream of themselves as handicapped nor do they experience handicap in their dreams. It is as if their protoconscious brain saw, spoke, heard, and moved in their dreams. The collected data were also used to train LyAV, but were classified and tagged with the word CONTACT

The evidence that only a fraction of dreams seems to be remembered might suggest that nature has implemented mechanisms that prevent memorization of dreams or at least prevent access of the dreamt material from conscious recall in the wake state. Nature has not only implemented mechanisms that decouple the sleeping brain from sensory input and motor output but also prevent the sleeping brain from becoming aware of the self-generated activity patterns

There are several working groups within XViS. One of them is dedicated to the militarization of dreams and whose objective is to create synthetic dreams where the dreamer recreates simulated war scenarios for military training purposes; another group is dedicated to creating scenarios of contact with non-terrestrial intelligences, and another group is dedicated to the design of drugs that induce altered dream-states. All data is used to train LyAV, which in turn is capable of designing its own dream-states

They are antagonistic forces. Some desire contact with DENIED and know that such contact can only occur in dreams; others wish to avoid such contact at all costs, employing strategies that reduce the quality of dreams, or prevent dreaming altogether. The curious thing is that these groups are not human, at least they never seemed so to me

Sleeping contributes to problem solving. When confronted with tasks requiring a considerable amount of insight in order to find shortcut solutions, the probability of finding such solutions is enhanced if subjects are exposed to the problem and then are allowed to sleep before being retested. Self-induced activation of cortical networks can lead to vivid experiences because the resulting patterns are similar to those occurring during perception of external stimuli

Light is the most potent environmental signal that impacts the human circadian clock and may therefore play a role in perpetuating sleep deficiency, which is what those against contact with non-terrestrial intelligences long for. In humans, exposure to short-wavelength monochromatic light in the evening has been shown to induce greater circadian and alerting responses than exposure to the same number of photons of longer-wavelength monochromatic light, even though the shorter-wavelength light may have a much lower illuminance level when measured in photopic lux

In the past 50 years, there has been a decline in average sleep duration and quality, with adverse consequences on general health. A representative survey of 1,508 American adults recently revealed that 90% of Americans used some type of electronics at least a few nights per week within 1 h before bedtime. Mounting evidence from countries around the world shows the negative impact of such technology use on sleep. This negative impact on sleep may be due to the short-wavelength–enriched light emitted by these electronic devices, given that artificial-light exposure has been shown experimentally to produce alerting effects, suppress melatonin, and phase-shift the biological clock. A few reports have shown that these devices suppress melatonin levels, but little is known about the effects on circadian phase or the following sleep episode, exposing a substantial gap in our knowledge of how this increasingly popular technology affects sleep

We knew perfectly well that LED displays would produce these effects. We knew it. But we flooded the market with millions of technological products that use this technology knowing its side-effects because, for us, it was more important to avoid contact with DENIED. Yes, we engineered the current state of addiction to the technology; yes, we turned them into techno-addicts, but we had no choice

Reversible? We do not know, we cannot know if the neurological damage caused is reversible or not. We don't have time to investigate that. There's no time left. Haven't you dreamed of the rice fields yet? There's no time left
