
the coincidence in time of two or more causally unrelated events which have the same or similar meaning


A particular assembly can be defined by a short or single barrage of synchronous spikes, whereby each individual neuron needs to contribute only a single or few spikes. Such self-organized, synchronous coalitions can be established very rapidly. But you still need a
free coalition of systems
, one of which must be a time-varying information density system. This, it seems, is the role played by Denebian probes

You are free, but you are under control. There exists a master control system because the activity of living is a process of control, and by understanding
control
as the varying of motor output to maintain perceptual input in stable reference states, the mystery of consciousness dissolves. Control is one of nature’s greatest accomplishments and consciousness as a controlled perception may well be the most stunning of our human perceptual capabilities. Time-travel won't allow you to escape the control by whomever are those in charge of controlling Reality. But it will get you closer to them

Norea, you simply cannot detach the psyche of an observer from any observed phenomenon

We are concerned with the possibility of physical objects (e.g., persons) travelling backwards through time. If we were to suppose the existence of disembodied souls and spirits or disernbodied Cartesian minds then time travel may be quite easy or even trivial for such immaterial beings

We need to make a decision: either we discuss the possibility of the travel involving other possible worlds or we focus on the travel to our own world in the past. The notion here is that the travel is really just a journey to another possible world that somehow exists parallel to ours (in another dimension) and is very similar to ours. If this is all that time travel were, then it would not be 'time' travel at all, rather it would be travel between possible worids

to travel backwards in time is to travel through time such that one's persona1 time is later and external time is earlier
