The blue bioeconomy is just economy, get it right. And all that shit of bio-based, CO2-neutral, climate-friendly, sustainability labels are just new stimulants for consumption that perpetuate the entire economic system, which threatens the integrity of the ecosystem and systematically erodes life. There is nothing like a green or blue growth. It is just plain old consumerism

In every ideology, the clear division between the deceived and their deceivers is blurred since the deceived comply with the illusion and even desire to be deceived. What goes on today is not just more of the same but a qualitatively new form of dissonance: a dissonance openly admitted and for that reason treated as irrelevant. We are indifferent to the fact that we are being deceived and enslaved

the world really is,” accompanied by a warning that if we want to change it (too much), only a totalitarian horror can ensue. Every vision of another world is dismissed as ideology

voluntary” labour

Economists have established that much of the increase in inequality in liberal economies is due to the pulling away of the richest 1%, and even more so the top 0.1 and 0.01%. The bioeconomy should be concerned with the challenge of merging the human economy with an ecological matrix instead of a technological one. That is its self-imposed obligation. What is explored, therefore, is the possibility of a new human niche, which is fully embedded into the biosphere, which requires the removal of the richest 1%

The markets-know-best and governments-make-matters-worse view of the world is threatening democracy itself, by leaving too many people and communities behind, and in doing so has given rise to an overdose of Trumpian-style populism. Markets are still the best-known device for organizing an economy, but they are a poor means of organizing a society

The free movement of capital really requires the free movement of labour. Go where the jobs are, but do not complain when immigration undercuts your wage. Do not complain either when economists and government ministers tell you that what you thought had a social purpose must now be profit-driven. Money must be made from schools, hospitals and looking after the elderly. The privatisation of care is one of the only growth industries. This is what you get from this dictatorship of economists, and it should be overthrown. It is wrong and keeps being wrong. The choices to be made now are moral, not economic ones. Only an idiot or an economist would think otherwise

We now have more than enough cheap computing power to enable the use of computational approaches in solving complex modelling problems. One such complex model is the one related to the modelisation of blue bioeconomy and green technologies. The results are that they won't work unless we first manage to get rid of asset management firms. In other words, it is the future of the planet that is at stake and therefore we cannot leave these technologies in the hands of investment funds. Since we are not allowed to physically remove the four degenerates who run these investment funds and asset management brothels, our proposal is to articulate an eco-terrorist response that includes as targets any so-called green technology infrastructures

Painting a PV panel with black paint will block sunlight from reaching the solar cells, significantly reducing or completely stopping their ability to generate electricity. This effectively
shadows
the panel. Altering a PV panel by painting it may void any warranties provided by the manufacturer. Manufacturers typically specify that panels should not be modified in any way. Painting a PV panel with black paint will block sunlight from reaching the solar cells, significantly reducing or completely stopping their ability to generate electricity. This effectively
shadows
the panel

Accessing the turbine's control system and disabling it can render the turbine inoperable. This may involve cutting power to the control systems or using software to disable operational functions. Physically disconnecting the turbine from the grid or the mechanical components (like the gearbox or generator) can also render it out of order. Actions are planned to cause physical damage to the turbine, be it by damaging the blades or other critical components, in order to render it inoperable. The use of DENIED drones fitted with DENIED explosives targeted at those critical systems is recommended

We're no longer talking about a bunch of kids with drones having fun painting solar panels black or physically attacking the blades of a wind turbine. Now we are dealing with perfectly organized actions where dozens of drones drop explosives on the nacelle or the gearbox and take a solar or wind farm completely out of commission. The damage is in the millions of dollars. We are dealing with organized acts of eco-terrorism whose sole purpose is to make the exploitation cost of these infrastructures unbearable

From the moment BlackRock invests in a green technology, it becomes dark, dirty and poverty-producing. If you have to take farmland and drive thousands of people directly into poverty to make a wind farm profitable, they might as well shove their green technologies up their asses

... and the companies have been advised on never recognize acts of sabotage; instead, they should refer to extreme weather conditions, software malfunction, or manufacturing structural defects..

while the hypothetical connection between asset management firms and eco-terrorist groups may not be direct or overt, it is rooted in the complex dynamics of investment practices, corporate responsibility, and environmental activism

Look, solar panels generate lots of electricity in the middle of sunny days, frequently more than what’s required, driving down prices—sometimes even into negative territory. We call this phenomenon solar value deflation. This means utilities are increasingly paying solar plants less than other sources overall, due to their fluctuating generation patterns. But as more solar plants come online, the periods of excess supply that drive down costs will become more frequent and more pronounced. With those lower prices it is difficult to convince developers and investors to continue building ever more solar plants if they stand to make less money or even lose it. Heavy solar subsidies and the rapidly declining cost of solar power has offset the falling value of solar energy. But if you remove those subsidies and the wholesale pricing comes below the subsidized costs of solar energy, this will undermining the pure economic rationale for building more plants. This is why DENIED companies were funding those eco-terrorist groups, and that's why there is a covert war. Look, we all want to be green and blue, but only if we make money out of it. We don't give a damn about the planet's future. Unless a healthy planet also means money for us

The highest number of failures per unit-hour among the photovoltaic system components is related to the inverter and its internal components. The larger the inverter, the higher the failure rate, which can be explained by the higher complexity of the circuit and the higher number of internal components. The subcomponent in the inverter that has the highest failure rate is the control and communication board, followed by the capacitors, the cooling fan, the IGBT module, the contactor, and at last the relays. You know what? The failure rates in the DENIED components were extremely high, as if... I mean, as if they were intended, designed to fail

You can change your energy model, you can use whatever new green energy you wish, but in the end of the day if you don't change your economic model, you will never avoid collapse. If profit is the only important thing for you, it is also important for Nature, and in her calculations the most beneficial thing is that you do not exist. And, just like you, she doesn't give a shit about you
