In that scenario, only subs will survive. Therefore, detecting moving massive objects based on the time variation that these objects produce in the local gravitational field measured by several detectors is of prime importance. This is a stealth-resistant system: everything moving will be detected without the need to use radar signals. Theirs is a technology fully based on radar-absorbing materials, and that, together with the speed of their crafts, is the key advantage they have. However, it is impossible to hide or shield a gravitational field and that's why a gravimetric radar can detect those moving objects. In a normal scenario, detecting the object this way is extremely difficult due to the clutter caused by the random motion of surrounding objects, like animals, but in a post-attack scenario there will be no animals at all, just them and our autonomous defense systems. And a completely radioactive devastated landscape, of course

It is not a matter of survival or of defending a devastated soil. There will be nothing to defend, and no survivors. It is a matter of revenge. We have the right to strike back even when we are all dead down here

It is a matter of committing yourself to the task of successfully turning Earth into a deadly booby trap for anyone visiting it, even long after no life forms are left and we all have disappeared

After a terminal nuclear war there will be no operators in the command and control centers, so you can expect seeing satellites falling down, one by one, as there will be none commanding and correcting their orbits. First ones to fall will be those in low-earth orbit

Deterrence is based on the rational and exact knowledge by your enemies about the capabilities of your own forces; nuclear deterrence is based on the fact that your enemy knows what a thermonuclear bomb does once it hits the ground. But what deterrence can be based on MilOrbs, when the enemy ignores everything about them? MilOrbs shouldn't be used as a surpirse last resource offensive weapon. If we wish them to really deter our enemies we need to plan for a demonstration attack. The debate now is where to use them for our enemies to know how nasty these MilOrbs are. The Idiot proposes a 'conceptual attack' against Iran for the Chinese to realize the potential of our MilOrbs

The price tag for an updated Brilliant Pebbles effort is estimated to be about $20 billion. It is supposed to be the most comprehensive, integrated, and costeffective multi-layered BMD system out of all in use by the United States
.
Yes, we know there are unconventional threats out there, but your fucking extraterrestrial visitors are of no concern to us. It's been our policy, a quasi-religion if you wish, to constantly and insistently deny the existence of UFOs, not because they pose a threat to us, but because we do not want to divert a single dollar to programs ond projects that will prevent us from funding what we really need to be funded: Brilliant Pebbles

The ecological stressors will be so intense that population recovery is simply impossible. Nobody will recover from the losses already inflicted on them. And even if we freeze some DNA here and there to re-seed the planet after the event, the resulting life forms won't be able to survive a totally new hazardous environment. Re-seeding with old species a self-destroyed planet is not an option

Look, it is not the public we want to keep off from Giselians. It is the president. The reason? Our enemies are China, Iran, Russia, and North Korea. The existence of otherwordly visitors would translate into funds going to research on them, funds we are not ready to waste in that shit. As far as I am concerned UFOs not only do not exist: they are absolutely banned. They cancelled the Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor System
,
but they doubled the funds for DENIED program. See? That's all your ETs mean to us, an annoyance
