Where science seeks to know, technology seeks to control

scientific-technical rationality has become a new culture. Yet, technology does not increase the self-awareness of a society like ours. We 
need to reflect on what we take for granted, specifically, rational modernity

Existence answers the question whether something is or is not. Essence answers the question what the thing is. Failing to understand this 
is the first step for your demise. You do not question what is the Universe but how it works. You do not want to know what is the soul but 
how it works. And when you fail to give an answer to those questions your entire civilization, no matter how technologically advanced, turns 
into an ice cube under the Sun. It is a matter of time for it to disappear

You know how to get there but you do not know why you are going or even where. That's what your civilization is all about

Tell us Norea, do you actually have the freedom to decide how technology will develop? Is the next step in the evolution of the technical 
system up to you? Or is it a small group of people deciding for you? If you have no freedom and no saying in deciding how technology will 
develop, soon you will turn your own world into hell. Hell, Norea, is that place where it is not up to you to adapt technology 
to your whims but on the contrary, a place where you must adapt to technology. Think about it before the sun of human civilization sets

So, you want to travel in time? You want to engineer space and time? You wish to cease being dreamed of and become a dreamer yourself? 
Here, this is the technology that would allow you to meet your wishes. But mind, Norea, for when you choose to use 
technology you do not simply render your existing way of life more efficient, you choose a different way of life. And do not 
forget that your entire civilization was built by people indifferent to the environment

What was the Tree of Knowledge, Norea? What forbidden knowledge were its fruits made of? You don't remember. We will for you. It was 
just one book, with one page, and one sentence reading: you are your own machine
