Any long stasis means damage. Keeping biological systems in a state of stasis for a long period of time has a cognitive price. Administering synthetic dreams to a suspended biological system must always be done within limits that, if exceeded, profoundly transform the mental structure of the individual

Welcome. You have just been transitioned from a state of stasis. Please maintain a state of calm. I will ask you questions. There are no right or wrong answers. I will help you make a safe transition into your next phase. You are feeling some anxiety. For your safety we treated your systems to decrease your level of anxiety. These treatments did not affect your cognitive abilities in any way. Once this process is completed, you will be able to ask as many questions as you wish. Remain calm. You have just traveled forward in time. You have traveled to here. To now. Take a deep breath

Assessments of reality in the form of expectations derived from experience act as fundamental unconscious determinants of human behavior and personality development. Therefore, psychological development may be seen largely as the progressive establishment and elaboration of an integrated set of beliefs and other adaptations arising from a concept of reality that embraces objects, one’s self, others, and human relationships in general. The design of a DMTverse must therefore be adjusted to the particular biological system. This implies that if the crew falls victim to psychological dysfunction, the problem likely lies with some aspect of the person’s inner reality concept

When a human is suspended within the DMTverse we must ensure that everything he sees is absolutely real to him. But when he comes out of the stasis state, that reality must be gradually replaced by another one in a careful way

What did you expect? That humans would wake up in a new world, in a reality totally different from the one they knew, and not suffer a shock? What did you expect? That feeding their brains with a carefully designed reality that would prepare them to face what they were going to find when they woke up would be enough to save them? The notion that humans recall dreams on the basis of their ability to create inner experiences also helps explain why young children have difficulty remembering dream. This happens because their faculty responsible for conscious recall is not fully developed. And conscious recall is precisely what you removed during the stasis phase

Unconscious testing of significant others is a normal component of the human developmental process. This means that humans have an innate sense of the kinds of experiences that will help and hurt them developmentally and that they may unconsciously seek helpful experiences in everyday life, usually in the context of attachment relationships

Needless to say, what a human needs, therefore, is not a single routine for each life situation, but rather working memory access to a set of provisional routines the human can resort to quickly as situations change. We are here dealing with a crew that has not simply traveled forward in time: they have also traveled forward on the arrow of complexity. The honing that takes place over sleep is largely involved with finding ways of looking at reality that support developmental initiatives while conflicting minimally with a person’s longstanding reality concept
