The hardest thing for a policymaker to admit is ignorance, even when that ignorance is justified

China's state-run Xinhua news agency claimed Yaogan-41 will be used for civilian purposes, such as land surveys and agricultural monitoring. In reality, China uses the Yaogan name as a blanket identifier for most of its military satellites. China has successfully placed 144 Yaogan surveillance satellites into orbit since the start of the program in 2006

We built large, exquisite satellite systems and controlled overseas drones from ground stations in the United States using satellite communications (SATCOM) and Global Positioning System (GPS) navigation. However, against a sophisticated adversary with anti-satellite weapons, robust air defenses, and ways to jam SATCOM and GPS, these ISR systems and operating models will be increasingly under strain

In space, the majority of recently launched Chinese satellites have been ISR satellites, which extend Beijing’s surveillance into space. According to U.S. Space Command, as of January 2024, China had approximately 360 ISR satellites on orbit, more than triple the number in 2018. In August 2023, Beijing launched the world’s first geosynchronous orbit (GEO)-based synthetic aperture radar (SAR) satellite and in December 2023, it launched an optical imagery satellite to GEO, Yaogan-41. When paired with data from other Chinese ISR satellites, AI to rapidly identify objects, and networked communications systems, the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) is quickly closing its own sensor-to-shooter kill chains across the Indo-Pacific. Our military forces will need to train under the assumption that they will be seen, located, and targeted

Various commercial satellite operators have reported unexplained anomalies affecting their satellites. These incidents often lead to investigations, but the results may not always be publicly disclosed, leaving some failures shrouded in mystery. In 2020, several Chinese satellites reportedly experienced failures that were not immediately explained. Some analysts speculated that these failures could be linked to issues with the satellites' design or potential interference from other space activities, but definitive explanations were not provided

The IC cannot replicate private sector AI and compute in scale, speed, or investment. For the IC to take full advantage of large-scale compute and generative AI, wherein machines can contextually learn, synthesize, and generate data across images, signals, and text, it will need to figure out how to work across both large-scale unclassified and classified compute environments

Most remote-sensing satellites, including those from the United States, Europe, Russia, and China, operate in low Earth orbit (LEO), which is up to 3,000 kilometers (km) in altitude. The majority of satellites currently in orbit and the bulk of surveillance satellites operate in LEO because it is much easier and cheaper to launch satellites into LEO than into higher orbits. Additionally, for an equivalently sized sensor, placing that sensor in LEO produces sharper resolution because it is closer to the objects on Earth. LEO satellites, however, lack one characteristic that can be crucial to surveillance: persistence. A typical satellite in LEO orbits the Earth in less than two hours, thus only seeing a given spot on Earth for a few minutes. Additionally, due to orbital mechanics, it may take hours or days for that satellite to revisit the same spot again. Though a constellation of satellites at lower orbits can provide persistency by reducing the revisit time, satellites in GEO orbit at the same rate as the Earth, which means they view the Earth as if it is not moving. Only GEO provides a satellite, like Yaogan-41, with a persistent view of the same place. An additional advantage is that a GEO satellite can see almost half of Earth’s surface from its 36,000 km altitude

While unconfirmed by China, experts believe that Gaofen-13, launched in 2020, and Gaofen-13-02, launched in 2023, can capture images with a resolution of 15 meters. Yaogan-41 is believed to be the successor to Gaofen-13 satellites

Launched in August 2023, it is the world’s first and, currently, only GEO satellite with a SAR payload. The resolution of Ludi Tance-4 is 20 meters. The advantage of SAR is that it can see through clouds and at night. China demonstrated it could identify ship trails, which form when ship exhaust interacts with clouds in the lower troposphere. Persistency also allows for real-time tracking, meaning that whatever China identifies it could track using the same capability

After some experiments with the ASAT system DENIED, we deployed the system on November, 2018. The first large-scale test was run in 2019, causing several satellites from the Iridium NEXT constellation to experience unexpected failures. While some issues were attributed to hardware problems, the exact causes of certain failures were not fully understood, leading to speculation about potential interference or other external factors

We just target LEO systems. After all, GEO systems would be sitting ducks in any conflict

You thought we are living in the AI age? No, we are not. We are living in the Nano-Kinetic Anti-Satellite (ASAT) Age, a time when nations are no longer confident that their satellites are safe, or that they can add as many satellites as they want. Today, nations fear that their satellites will be subtracted. Space is no longer a sanctuary

Each day, billions of people use satellite- enabled services for weather forecasts, telecommunications, and television. Today, EO spacecraft deliver essential imagery and remote-sensing data, supporting various applications with significant impacts across economic, societal, and environmental sectors. The ASAT DENIED system was conceived as a last resource system tagetting any satellite in the belief that the current space order of battle makes no distinction between commercial and military satellites. Any commercial satellite today can be used to support war, so any satellite up there is a target for the ASAT system

Operating satellites at LEO allows smaller, less powerful payloads to achieve the same performance as their larger counterparts in higher orbits. This requires the use of a constellation of satellites based on distributed architectures, which involves multiple small satellites (fractionated spacecraft) that operate in coordination. We tested the resilence of such architecture by performing selective attacks on several sats. The last test was the so-called Viasat cyberattack in February 2022

... as we have been able to create microspheres that can withstand the extreme conditions encountered during re-entry..

We cannot provide an answer to your question on whether those intelligent space debris micro-spheres contain an external coating of Beryllium, Lanthanum and Uranium. We don't comment on the particular design of the ISD micro-spheres. On whether is it true that on March, 17 DENIED a military ship lost its cargo of micro-spheres in the Pacific Ocean, north of Manus Island, near Papua New Guinea, I insist we don't comment on military operations. This office has no knowledge on any incident in the Mnus Island sector on that or any other date. In connection with your question related to an international scientific expedition, led by Mr. Avi Loeb, organized and funded by a private contribution to search for remnants of an interstellar bolide, labeled IM1, in or around the MIL-EDESSA point, north of Manus Island, during the period 14-28 June, 2023, we are afraid we have no detailed information about civilian scientific projects. Finally, your statement that this office expressed written concerns about Mr. Loeb's expedition is not totally correct. This office prepared a report for DENIED expressing our position that Lombrum Naval Base is a key strategic military asset for us, and that we wanted any civilian expedition around Manus Island to be closely monitored

Space debris, you mean? What space debris? Haven't you notice there is a pattern in the distribution of some of that space debris? The real thing is that some space debris is not passive, is not just a piece of junk floating in space. It is a wonderful piece of technology based on DENIED metamaterials that make them active, intelligent, and capable of changing their position in orbit. ASAT system is meant to deploy thousands of those small space debris pieces in a clearly non-drifted Earth orbit. Think of them as space mines with the goal to force a target satellite to collide with that debris, leading to complete destruction or fatal damage of the target satellite. Again, not all space debris is just debris. Think of them as intelligent mines

One notable incident occurred in 2020, when several BeiDou satellites reportedly experienced operational issues. These issues included unexpected changes in satellite orbits, communication disruptions, and data transmission failures

ASAT DENIED system consists of small, intelligent, active, spherical space debris with a radius between 0.1−10 cm, which make them undetectable with existing ground-based radar sensing technology. The spheres pose a great threat to satellites due to their hypervelocity (1 km/s) and massive amount. Statistics show that there are around 129 million debris objects within the range of 0.1 − 10 cm. Furthermore, an aluminum sphere of 7 km/s can penetrate completely through an aluminum plate 4 times its diameter. Imagine what would happen if those spheres are made of DENIED alloy, covered with a DENIED thin layer of DENIED metamaterial, and figure out how dangerous a swarm of them are once they are enabled by a DENIED pulse from DENIED. And the best thing is this: there is no possibility for your enemies to attribute the destruction of their satellites to us
