We don't want an AI system that can destroy a target; we also want the system to be aware that it did

We thought that, suddenly, soldiers who find themselves on Iraqi or Afghan soil no longer seem to be thousands of kilometers away from the US homeland; instead, they are in the earphones and on the computer screens of their commanders at a base somewhere on US territory or elsewhere in the world. We thought distance did not seem to matter as much anymore. We forgot that in the undersea environment, in the depths of the oceans, our soldiers are thousands of miles away even if they are just 600 meters under the sea surface; we found comms do not work as expected, or they don't work at all, when you are alone in a sub. And we found the underwaters are the new battlefield

There exist black projects because what is technically possible matters less than whether it is bureaucratically imaginable. Once you get rid of bureaucracy, everything is possible

By removing the human from the kill loop through a total delegation of a license to kill to a machine we can ensure that the population of the side on whose behalf the robots are doing the killing is made as unaware as possible of the slaying. Not only will the use of these weapons help save the lives of those employing them, it will also censor killing as a whole for them

the largest U.S. shale-oil field is the Permian Basin in west Texas and New Mexico; now listen, many government permits and authorizations are needed to commercially exploit this field, permits and authorizations that can be easily obtained if, in return, you fund our Manta Ray project. See, we need to bolster our Long-Endurance Underwater Drone program..

Distance is key, which is why the advent of military technologies like machine guns and tanks that increased the distance between combatants changed the way wars were conducted. Today’s Predators and Reapers represent the archetypical separation between military rivals, simultaneously embodying the logic behind virtuous war. But when we move from land and seas to the undersea, distance fades away. Only close encounters are possible down there, and it is in the close encounters where we have everything to lose. That is why we have given up on the depths of our oceans as far as non-terrestrial threats are concerned. For the time being, the depths belong to them

We have drones that are able to remain airborne indefinitely. There is a high level of secrecy around such technologies, but we know they have already been put in the sky. We also know that PSVs and advanced versions of the Very-high-altitude, Ultra-endurance, Loitering Theater Unmanned Reconnaissance Element (VULTURE) are already deployed, and they stay in orbit for years. When commanded to do so, they enter our atmosphere, hit the assigned targets, and go back to their original position. No need to land, no need to refuel. But we don't have anything similar for securing our underwaters. They do, though

These exotic systems do more than just research in the information systems field. They examine more than just the human technological system, or just the human social system, or even the two side by side; they investigate the phenomena that emerge when the two interact. They know that both humans and technologies may have some sort of agency – some ability to act – in a given situation, and that these actions are not deterministic: actions are not independent of surrounding events. Control the events and you would have control over the actions

The problem today is that deeply buried underwater facilities allow us to conceal equipment and command and control functions that are essential to the successful prosecution of a war. These facilities can protect a state's most critical governmental and military functions and contribute to victory during war, or at least make it more difficult for the adversary to destroy critical military capabilities. In those facilities we host LyAV and other AI systems. We also store there te-e's, and it is from those facilities te-e systems depart on mission, and return till next mission. The depth and hardness of the targets exceed the physical ability of any weapon to survive passing through houndred of meters of rock and rubble buried deep in the oceans

Remember this: Oceans cover more than 70% of the Earth’s surface. Almost 95% of these areas remain unexplored. Truly, the oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown. Don't be afraid, como visit us here in the depths. Just like ours, your growth is proportionate to the space you are given
