Once briefed by the intelligence officers, the idiot gets to know what the real situation is. He gets to know, that the world is a complex place in which Islamic and Serbian extremists, though they hate each other, promptly cooperated in a most unusual way. He learns that the Islamic terrorists got the detonator in Tajikistan, from North Korea, and that the Serbian extremists got the uranium from an obscure organization of Russian extremists; he also learns that the Iranians mediated in the dealing in Tajikistan, that the Israeli agent infiltrated in the Islamic group already reported the deal to Tel Aviv, that the Russian authorities were also informed by their agent infiltrated in the Serbian terrorist group, and that the Chinese were also aware of the project through their infiltrated agent in North Korea. The idiot is also informed that the elements comprising the bomb were introduced and assembled on USA soil, and that the bomb was finally planted somewhere in a big American city, ready to be used. He is also enlightened about how things are, that the bomb is now in the market and deals are being made to sell it to the highest bidder, no matter if the bidder is a fanatic American Christian religious group, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Russians themselves, China or any of the thousands enemies the idiot has, including his own secret services for whom he, the president, is just that: the new idiot

The idiot is also informed that a similar bomb exists somewhere in Moscow or Saint Petersburg, ready to be used, and he learns the name of the new game: in situ deterrence

They got the device from North Korea somewhere along the Wakhan road. Payment was made hand-to-hand when both negotiators met in October, 27th in Dushanbe during the Economic Seminar on Investment Opportunities, hosted by the Prime Minister of Tajikistan Qochir Rasulsoda. Only two months before Syed Tariq Fatemi was on tour to Belarus and Kazakhstan to bolster international support for Pakistan's bid to join the Nuclear Suppliers Group. The Chinese were obviously aware of the deal, and they provided the necessary coverup for it to happen

Islamic radicalization in the Balkans worries them much as it worries us, but they got the idea that managing the deal with DENIED group will get them to a control position of the bomb. The meeting between both DENIED and the Serbian extremists took place in Syria, where the Serbian elements took advantage of the presence of Serbian mercenaries in the field. We know the two individuals flew from the Russian village of Molkino to Syria as part of a Wagner-contracted fighters deployment there. The meeting was held during the Tal Areen hill battle, near Palmyra, on September, 2016

NEST thinks the bomb is a recycled Russian RA-115s tweaked in North Korea and capable of yielding some 6 kiloton explosive power that was introduced in a container

The only way ahead to know whether that ship was carrying a portable nuclear bomb or not was using the LBS-Glider System fitted with the muon tomography sensors; unfortunately, the Chinese navy seized our underwater drone, so we couldn't verify whether the information we had at the time was true or not. This was around December, 16th

In situ deterrence is the name of the new game: you plant small nuclear bombs in big cities, you then give your enemy the exact coordinates of the location of one of such bombs for them to verify the credibility of the threat. Finally, you inform them you have 5 or 6 of those bombs planted in their cities. The deal is clear: the minute they cross certain red lines, you detonate the bombs
