The classic aim of automation is to replace human manual control, planning and problem solving by automatic devices and computers, while the new strategy is to replace immigrants by AI robotic systems across all economic sectors in which immigrants are now used

Higher than average recruitment bottlenecks tend to be reported in manufacturing, ICT and health care for jobs such as skilled trades workers, machine operators, sales representatives, engineers, technicians, ICT professionals, workers in marketing posts, drivers and office support staff, and these are precisely the jobs immigrants are currently doing, jobs a standard AI system can do right now

We knew that as migrants do not have access to the same networks and institutions as the natives, they tend to experience down-skilling, whereby they might be affected more significantly by the potential displacement effects of technological change. What we now propose is to design a full-scale strategy to accelerate that process with the aim to replace immigrants by AI systems and, thus, solve the immigration problem. And we do it not because we dislike or hate immigrants, we do it because we don't need them anymore, much as when we were accepting immigrants: we didn't do it out of love, we did it out of necessity

They arrived suddenly; uninvited. They soon occupied the lowest jobs in the companies, working 24 hours a day, without receiving any salary. They have no religion, nor do they speak any language. Little by little they displaced us, leaving us unemployed. Such are the artificial intelligence systems, undesirable immigrants

We are targeting muslim immigrants by silently implementing processes in which laws, media narratives, and political discourses criminalize undocumented immigrants. Accordingly, we want to implement special registration scheme, which requires that visitors from countries designated by Ashcroft be fingerprinted, photographed and provide information required by the INS at their US port of entry. The same scheme will be implemented in Europe under the deislamization program. It is not that immigration will be considered illegal in the future, rather what we wish is that Islam will be illegal throughout the West

We expect immigrants to experience wage declines as a result of robot adoption. We also need to design discriminatory labor market structures. The idea is to force a decrease in the migrant share as a result of migrants leaving the most exposed sector as a response to robot adoption and leaving the country altogether

We haven't approved an escalation of war in the Middle East because a regional war would imply a massive influx of Muslim immigrants into Europe. We have learned the lesson from the war in Syria. We need a little more time to put in place anti-immigration policies. Only then would we support the regional war in the Middle East

Integration or inclusion does not work with beings who profess medieval and stupid religions, and of all of them Islam is clearly the most backward. In reality, the mistake of the extreme right is not taking a position in favor of AI systems, in not understanding that the world is no longer based on nations, but on systems. And the system called 'Islam' is, quite simply, flawed

Liberal democracies, and their wealthy citizens greatly advantaged by the prevailing order, do not typically accept responsibility for global poverty. But even if they accept some responsibility, liberal democracies operate under the dictum that the nation may decide to accept as few or as many immigrants as it likes in such categories and under such conditions as it wishes to impose

There is no demographic problem concerning population deficit. People, like any other product, can be imported when needed. The idea that we need a population of a certain size to sustain the economic system is false. What we need is a certain number of consumers, buyers, customers. And we will always have enough of these. For us, replacing immigrants with AI systems is a viable and optimal solution
