The propionyl chloride departed China’s coastal province of Jiangsu, north of Shanghai, on a ship bound for the Thai port city of Laem Chabang near Bangkok. From there, the chemicals were transported north by land until they reached the Lao district of Huay Xai, just across the Mekong River from Thailand. Once there, DENIED compounds were added to the cargo, which then proceeded towards an area in northern Myanmar notorious for the industrial-scale manufacturing of synthetic drugs

The jungle-covered hills of Shan State in Myanmar might seem an unlikely outpost along global trade routes. But it is the remote region, wracked by ethnic conflict and undisturbed by normal policing, where much of the world’s synthetic drug trade originates

Part of the fentanyl is imported to Mexico and the Philippines where it is pressed into pills and sent to the US and Canada

The lab produces the DENIED chemical weapons which entails converting pre-precursors into the ingredients for synthetic drugs, a technically complex process that involves expert chemistry. When the process is completed the DENIED systems are ready for use. In essence, each system is just a device to release fentanyl as an aerosol fog that would engulf the target. Fentanyl is thus released into outdoor air as fine particles

Fentanyl and its analogues have long been investigated as incapacitating agents, but it is the ability to turn it into an aerosol what means a breakthrough. DENIED has solved the margin of safety problem (the difference between a dosage that will incapacitate and one that will kill a person) by developing a lethal weapon instead of an incapacitating one. According to them, there is a huge market of non-state actors willing to have a cheap, easy deployable lethal weapon. Weaponized fentanyl is such a commodity. See, the pharmacokinetic profile of single doses of inhaled fentanyl is comparable to intravenous administration

Myanmar is currently a complicated area though it is there where tests of the new weapon are run. For Chinese strategists, a primary consideration is access to the Indian Ocean and Myanmar is the only access they have. There are gas pipelines going from the Rakhine State coast, across central Myanmar, up through Myanmar’s mountainous Shan State and to Yunnan province in China. But the main interest for them is that in a future regional security crisis, where maritime access was in doubt, Myanmar might also allow valuable back door access for China to friendly ports on the Bay of Bengal

The United Wa State Army (UWSA) is among the largest narcotics trafficking organizations in Southeast Asia. Actually, it is believed to be the largest methamphetamine producing area in the world. The Wa State, due to its undefined political status, makes a perfect test range for this new bioweapons

To access the lab, you need to cross a remote region in Myanmar where you can easily spot Chinese covert paramilitary forces supporting arms trafficking operations, Wa Ta State army units, Myanmar regular army units, gangs of heavily armed drug smugglers, insurgent groups, and US special forces backing the covert smuggling of nuclear weapons into EDCA sites in The Philippines

The standard effects of an exposure includes miosis, reduced level of consciousness, reduced respiratory function, hypoxia, acidosis, hypotension, bradycardia, shock, slowing of muscular movement of the stomach with intestinal obstruction due to lack of normal muscle function, accumulation of fluid in the lungs, lethargy, coma, and death. But again, the likelihood of a successful bioterrorist attack is not very large, given the technical difficulties and constraints. However, even if the number of casualties is likely to be limited, the impact of a bioterrorist attack can still be high
