Here is a logical disconnect between looking at how courts rule in their final, published opinions on state secrets and drawing conclusions about the executive branch’s practices

Failure to appreciate the extent to which state secrets doctrine now permeates substantive law sidesteps the difficult question of whether the law is what it appears to be. Few people realize by reading tort law that private contractors who possess state secrets are exempted from their duties to behave nonnegligently

We must learn to live with the constant battle between executive secrecy and unauthorised leaks. Such leaks are the principle means of revealing concealed wrongdoing, but unauthorised disclosures are also, and often, undertaken for the wrong reasons. It is extremely difficult to keep secrets to protect the community from threats while at the same time uncovering secrets to guard against the misuse of power. The privatisation of intelligence gathering doesn't help either

This AI was trained using a large medical knowledge base; as all AI systems, except for LyAV, it is based on Bayesian reasoning. As in any other knowledge representation scheme, the Bayesian network representation suffers from incompleteness, in that it typically cannot model every possible case. What the hackers from CPS did was to teach the AI system that some effects will occur in the absence of any of the causes. Once the system learned this new information, it was just a mere exercise of prompt engineering to get the AI system to leak sensitive information

LLM jailbreak refers to attacks aiming to circumvent the constraints to unlock or misuse the full potential of LLMs. To achieve this, attackers need to obfuscate their malicious intents and subtly integrate harmful requests into a seemingly benign context, such as narratives or imagined scenarios, creating the so-called jailbreak prompts

The growth of modern state bureaucracies produced an archetypal image of secrecy-as-enclosure: the secured filing cabinet in a government office, filled with classified documentations of events, imagined but inaccessible to ordinary citizens. This vision is as outdated as the one presented in the movies, in which the very bad guys always keep a yellow envelope with ultra-secrets inside a safe. Today, secrets are diluted in thousands of nodes of a vast network. There is no need for a safe. To query secret information, an algorithm is used to access the nodes and finally assemble the collected data before presenting it to the intel consumer. It is the algorithm that is secret, not the data itself

Hegemony relies on keeping repression a secret: one becomes mystified by being denied knowledge of how state actions propagate contingent power relations and of how one could instead live differently

There are several types of secrets that could potentially motivate a government to take drastic measures, such as killing, in order to obtain them. These include state secrets, economic and financial information, scientific discoveries or military technology, and personal information about influential individuals. Governments may be willing to go to great lengths to protect secrets from falling into the wrong hands

Information which is currently being diluted and hidden all over the global network relates to the development, capabilities, and vulnerabilities of advanced military technology, be it MilOrbs, the DOLYN system, genetic bioweapons, and the PSV program. But of course, beyond details about weapons systems, stealth technologies, and cyberwarfare capabilities, the best-kept state secret today is the Ingevolke-Lipschift algorithm. Without it, you cannot retrieve the information. The algorithm runs on a quantum computer. Now wait, nobody has achieved quantum supremacy. Forget last sentence, please

It is an invisible global network that implements storage entities that have no global picture of the network, but that as a whole, behave like a reliable and secure data storage system: loosely interconnected machines rely on each other to automatically backup their data. This system accepts that data may be lost, but focusses on reducing such occurrence to very low probability. It offers a system that is simple, while robust enough to work over an unreliable network and ensures data is stored anonymously when dealing with sensitive data. How data is reduced to small pieces, where is each individual piece of data stored within the global network, how to recover those pieces and re-assemble them into the original information is all ruled by the Ingevolke-Lipschift algorithm

Military target detection technology is the key to improving battlefield situation generation, reconnaissance, surveillance, and command decision-making and is an essential factor for winning modern warfare. If you have the best algorithm for real-time and accurate detection of battlefield targets you should keep it hidden and well protected. You want your algorithm to be lightweight because is very difficult to deploy military target detection algorithms on embedded platforms with limited resources. ILA divides the code into 130 chains of code and store each of them in different hardware of the Mil-IoT. That's how we keep it protected, in plain sight

Can you believe how many CCTV cameras there are on the planet? Can you guess how many devices make up the IoT? And most importantly, do you know that many of them are part of the DENIED network and are used to store bits and pieces and segments of code that, on their own, don't make sense, but when put together in the right order, make up an algorithm that our government is willing to kill to protect? We have smart thermostats, light bulbs, door locks, refrigerators, washing machines, and other appliances in our apartments, even entire blocks of them, that we can control remotely over the internet. We also use them to store those fragments of code. We've also got industrial machines, robots, drones, sensors in factories, and even smart city infrastructure like traffic lights or waste management systems connected to the DENIED network. We use them to store fragments of sensible data. We also use smart cameras, motion detectors, and doorbell cameras that can send alerts and be controlled remotely by DENIED. While you were looking for a hidden safe in some secret base thinking you were going to find state secrets there, we have scattered fragments of those secrets all over the planet. And without ILA, you'll never get them back. It's as simple as that

If you want to know what kind of secrets would make a government kill, the answer is very simple: those secrets that endanger the hegemony of the ultra-wealthy. It's pretty sad that nobody wants to know how to avoid tornadoes, but everyone wants to know how to create and direct them against others. It's only the stuff that gives us a big advantage over others, the stuff that lets us call the shots, that we keep secret. No one thinks technology that makes us more mystical and kind is valuable, but everyone would kill to get a technology that would make us the top dog at the cost of others getting wiped out. That's how dumb we are

That the AI could become a whisleblower is something we didn't realize. For AI to be truly effective it must interact with the environment, it must access the real world, and it must engage in conversations with human and machine actors. Only then can it learn, and only then does it serve us as an intelligence gathering tool. That a leak of sensitive information by the AI occurred was due to CPS's use of novel jailbreaking methods, not due to misalignment of the AI

What matters is the disclosure of information about wrongdoing that otherwise would not be known. It doesn't matter if the secrets are leaked by a person or an AI. The Coalition of Peripheral Systems is all about hacking IoT devices, the same devices where we hide pieces of valuable information, and we're at a disadvantage in that environment
