truth is independent of what we may think true, but we chose to obviate this distinction. We now live in a world in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion  and personal belief. We are happier with something that feels true, whether or not it is, with those  things serving our interests or confirming our prejudices feeling more truthful than those things that do not

Within a technocapitalist civilization news becomes a commodity. The ultimate goal is to increase sales.  If truth doesn't sell, we simply invent a best-selling product. Our market are those bubbles of  like-minded people we all live in, a bubble that turns us instinctively hostile to contrary arguments. In the end,  we become hostile to truth itself

once even one side adopts radical skepticism as its posture toward opposing views, all conversation breaks down

the political prejudices and the social attitudes of human communicators who allow their values and selective  perceptions to bias their reporting means we need to remove humans from the communication system. Artificial  Intelligence and machine deep learning cannot be a replacement because, by design, an AI-based system requires  a corpus from which to learn, yet the corpus consists of tons of toxic, infected fake news and therefore we will come up with a  superintelligent system who learned how to lie and increase sales. Truth discernment cannot rely on non-human systems,  much as it cannot rely on humans anymore

communication is the central element of a social system; if you tamper with it, you tamper with the entire social  system. If you degrade communication, you disrupt society as a whole

Our task is to create a parallel reality through simulation of the existing one. This means we produce a reality  where the difference between the model and the fact is always less and less perceivable. For this to be possible, we hack the very nucleus of the communication system (newspapers, radio, television, cinema, etc.) and we  design digital media that simulates reality by reporting and communicating facts that are manufactured, staged,  designed, and conceived to recreate the reality we are interested in. It is irrelevant whether or not the model is true in relation to the fact from which it was derived, because it is always only a world picture, a picture we do control
