The scarcest resource, the one that really feeds the super-network, is attention: your attention. Without your attention the entire Intenert becomes a desolate wasteland

A digital pheromone not only serves as a signal to attract users and transform them into addicted consumers. It also operates as a promise, a lie disguised as a promise. Consumers used to go through a decision-making process that guided them in their purchases. This process took into account both internal and external influences of the consumer. But today, the decision-making process is done by an algorithm, which additionally creates the needed external influences

What one consumes or stops consuming is no longer of interest; what is important is that one consumes, that one does not stop consuming. And when the consumer is the product, what is achieved is autophagocytization: one consumes oneself. Is there anything more stupid than seeing a person consulting a database about oneself? Is there anything more irrational than a society that works to repair the very damage its own work generates? This is a society that is self-consuming, since it itself has become a consumer product

The act of buying becomes a liberating act because the buyer is first forced to evaluate the various options, options that are in fact all identical. There are really no alternatives or options: everything is one and the same product

We remember Cinderella, whose makeover transformation by the fairy godmother allowed her to become a princess. Today the godmother is the algorithm. The difference is radical: the miracle of the fairy godmother at least had an expiration time, twelve o'clock at night, while the algorithm has removed the time limit for miracles, which has the side effect of turning princesses into whores, angels into serial killers, and clowns into presidents

Culture also meets many of the emotional needs of individuals, so they strive to protect the beliefs and values of their cultures. This protection is reflected in their behavior as consumers. But the hyper-technologized consumer society is based on standards, on identical products that allow mass production, so that in the end it is in the industry's interest to have a mono-culture, a cultural homogenization and a homogenization of beliefs. Cultural diversity is nothing but a fucking mirage

You never had the freedom to choose whether or not to become a consumer. You are a consumer by default, by design. The first thing you do at birth is just that, consume, looking for the nipple to suckle from. Technology simply serves as the dream element in a totally administered society. Even your dreams are algorithmically generated, ans that's the nightmare in the end of the day
