Come join us, Norea, and look out the window how the last flickers of artificial light sputter and die. Have a look at how your world lays shrouded in a suffocating silence, and hear the echos of your once-bustling megacities that had thrived on the pulse of technology. Breath, Norea, the thick, acrid air of decay, and have a look at all your forgotten dreams and shattered promises

Only a shift in human consciousness and values towards a more integrated understanding of humanity's place within the natural world could lead to a new epoch characterized by a balanced relationship with technology and nature. The problem is you have no idea how to force that shift in human consciousness, other than being contacted by an extraterrestrial civilization. That's not going to happen any time soon

Norea, do you remember the days in which the hum of machines drowned out the cries of nature? You didn't care, did you? Let's have a walk across these desolate streets, and be careful not to trip over the remnants of a bygone era, those cracked screens and rusted wires that lay strewn like the bones of a long-dead civilization

Take a selfie on this beach, under a loomed heavy and gray sky, Norea, to leave your descendants a mournful shroud over a planet that had turned its back on its creators, leaving behind only shadows and the ghosts of what could have been. Take a selfie on this the last beach, Norea

Look, 43% of the population in India don't use the Internet at all; for Nigeria that figure is 42%, 24% for South Africa, 21% for Indonesia, and even within the EU 19% of the people in Poland don't use it, same percentage than for Hungary, and even in Japan 12% of the population don't use it. Also, reports dated 2023 show an intriguing decline in various aspects of online activity, a the figures show hundreds of millions of people have lost interest in news over the past decade. By the way, 60% of people don't trust most news. Overall social media referrals to top news websites have also evaporated over recent years. So no, the collapse of online services and access to the Internet won't cause a planetary collapse. At all

Humanity's insatiable appetite for progress was a hunger that had ultimately devoured its own existence. You are the only one remaining, wandering aimlessly, with your face etched with despair and disbelief, searching for remnants of a world that had promised so much yet delivered only desolation

Even a combined failure in power generation or distribution, a disruption in oil and gas supply chains, a total collapse of irrigation systems, a collapse of the global food supply chain, the water supply management system, the communication, transportation, healthcare, and financial systems, won't be enough. At most it would send 70% of your civilization back to the stone age, but you must understand that you have been living for almost two millennia without any of those services you call 'critical', so you won't find it hard to adapt either. Only a global drought caused by ocean warming and acidification should really worry you. Only the extinction of phytoplankton should really be your nightmare, and yet it is not the final act. We always use a massive asteroid impact as the final event in our simulations. It's cheap because there are plenty of them, you know

This is how we found you, huddled at the bottom of a cave. Come with us to watch the nightfall, those stars that once obscured by the haze of your civilization, there, twinkling like distant memories of a time when you had looked up in wonder rather than down in despair. This is how we found you, Norea, like a fragile beauty, among the ashes of the Technocene. You need not just survival, Norea. You need a profound reckoning with the very essence of what it meant to be human in a world you yourself forever altered. Time to wake up: this simulation is over
