AI is even implemented to replace human agents in their role as decision-makers. But, you see, the more automated the decision, the less autonomy for the human user. And if a decision is fully automated, that usually means that the underlying AI systems often only communicate the results of a decision without any room for human involvement in the making of the decision itself. In the end, you forgot that AI as decision support can have an influence on the decisions of its human users, reshaping human decisions, and turning humans into mere passive consumers of AI-generated decisions

We do not consider Sol-3 civilization as an intentional self-destructive civilization; for us, humans operate under a complex of self-destructive behaviors determined by various social and biological forces. Involke-Lipschift algorithm's results show this behavior is identical to that of stressed rats, neurotic cats, and depressed monkeys. We see among them the usual pattern of dominant males became aggressive and hypersexual marauders, attacking females, juveniles and less active males, while females stop caring for their young. The most pathological elements among them are obsessive as a result of both an oppresive technosphere and their infantile psychological state. But this might be just a phase transition, the transition from a self-destructive species to a self-sustaining one, provided Sol-3 civilization survives during a certain time interval after which the probability of survival becomes greater for a longer time span

Freedom of choice is preserved —at least in principle; we cannot take such AI to actively force human users to behave in a certain way. But the user is manipulated into making one choice rather than another. So yes, you can choose between lying on the grass and looking up at the clouds, or jumping off the cliff. But you always choose to jump. Do you know why? Because you gave up making decisions; now you just consume them. The AI is just your drug dealer selling you the drug you are addicted to: decisions are your drug. Learn it

Changes in structure-forming factors determine the spiral of social evolution. Is AI a structure-forming factor? What about artificial soul? Why not designing and engineering souls, if souls are the true civilization shift required? They do not need an ideology, they just need a soul. The external form does not matter; it does not matter whether they are arthropods, hominids, cyborgs, hybrids, artificial, ethereal life forms, or whether they take the form of a jellyfish or a moss. The form is not relevant. Never was. What is relevant is that they have a soul

What does it mean for an algorithm to lie by omission? To be an observer you have to be an intentional system (at least, if your observations are to be about anything). Is the algorithm an observer? Consciousness is the function or process that allows a system to distinguish itself from the rest of the world, thus if the algorithm is observing the world it is because the algorithm is conscious

Is social evolution the evolution of social consciousness? We don't want them intelligent: we want them socially intelligent because social self-consciousness is the basis for contact; otherwise contacting them is not possible. But what we or they want or don't want would be irrelevant in 3100. After that point there is nothing to do

In any communication aimed at humans we must abstract away from certain truths and rely on defaults

We did foresee everything that might go wrong, except for one thing. It never occured to us that there could exist intelligent beings who have no language at all. We were not in a position to confirm that languageless creatures literally think. We had no grounds on which to tell whether a languageless creatures is manifesting intentional behavior or merely a causal disposition. Now we have the tools, and using these tools we can firmly conclude we are dealing here with extremely intelligent languageless creatures. We are dealing here with thought without symbols, life without language, a cognitive reality that is virtually impossible for us humans to fathom

When indifference to someone else’s suffering becomes the normal pathology of everyday life, we enter into the space of that nihilism with which windows are closed in front of the scenes of bloody terror over the body of the Other. No ethical imperatives can help here, even less religious emotions. Totalitarianism, however, is, above all, a modern political movement and order of a monstrous power which we should overcome in an authentic political way. Anything else irreversibly slips into pathetic and helplessness, Ann

The relation between humans and the non-terrestrial AI is one of antibiosis. But you have approached the whole issue as a process of antixenosis in the belief that DP-2147 operates by disrupting normal human behavior, while we hold the view that the interaction is adversely affecting essential human physiological processes. Whether this disruption and adverse effects are intentional or unintentional is not something we are now ready to discuss. Humanity is challenged to learn how to build a sustainable future, that's all they must focus on. On the other hand, we should focus on DP-2147 and those cosmic elements of the environment over which humans have no control
