one can either exploit parallel worlds, or experience a single one of them, but not both

In order to make a time machine, one needs to bend space-time in such a way as to make CTCs. Matter and energy warp space-time, therefore a circulating beam of light, such as a ring laser, will warp space-time in just such a way as to create CTCs. But recall that no time machine can be used to visit a time prior to when it was switched on. This means your micro-CTC must be always switched on

The programming language targeted to these kaonics-based computers involves the introduction of special data types or keywords to denote events or processes that are potentially paradoxical. This allows the programmer to explicitly mark certain portions of code as involving causality paradoxes, triggering special handling mechanisms within the language's runtime environment. Currently, versions of Q and K-LISP languages are used that incorporate advanced temporal logic constructs to help reason about causality in a more nuanced way. This include features such as branching timelines, multiverse support, and probabilistic causality to account for the uncertainty and ambiguity inherent in paradoxical situations

See, the physical possibility of time travel demonstrates that what we ordinarily think of as time is actually another spatial dimension. If you prefer a somehow more scientific phrasing, here it is: any structure that allows real becoming, or ontological disequivalence between moments, cannot be isomorphic to Einstein’s t co-ordinate

Arsys computer is a two-CPU quantum computer where one CPU is a standard processor and the other contains a closed-timelike curve, implemented as a laser ring. The standard CPU would operate within the normal constraints of time and logic, performing computations and processes as expected. It is the interactions between the two CPUs what lead to unexpected and interesting results

Changing the past means choosing which past snapshot to be in, not changing any particular past snapshot into another. In this respect, changing the past is no different from changing the future, which we do all the time. Whenever we make a choice, we change the future: we change it from what it would have been had we chosen differently. In any case, current technology only allows you to land somewhere in the past of your timeline, but you cannot control the exact point in the past you will end up landing. And in the unlikely case you could control with arbitrary precision the point in time to which you wish to travel, it is most likely that time travel itself creates its destination, so there are as many worlds as there are time journeys, that it, you would have really travelled to a new past

When the NP machine produces a solution, its computation box evaluates only one case--a correct one, since quantum interference cancels others. To the person in the computation box, no less than to those outside, a correct answer appears, as if by magic, on the box's input--found correct, transcribed to the output, and relayed back in time, it also creates that input--a circular but logically consistent situation. On the other hand, there is little reason to believe that worlds containing incorrect solutions can be experienced, since such experiences would involve logical contradictions

A fundamental property of all these computers is that improbable outputs can be derived only on the assumption that equally improbable inputs occur

The laser ring is configured as to implement a micro-CTC. Those CTCs last for a short time, but longer enough for the kaons to traverse it. The lifetime of kaons still depends on their velocity in the gravity field

Causal loops may appear strange but are really no worse from the explanatory point of view than infinite causal sequences or such brute ex nihilo happenings as alpha-particle emissions or the Big Bang. We don’t have a complete explanation for any causal sequence (closed or linear) and we may just have to accept spontaneous creation of information in other cases. Demanding an explanation for the existence of the whole loop is very different from demanding an explanation for the existence of any loop-component
