therefore, under the belief that the state should regulate all those acts that harm others, higher control structures have been implemented and fully deployed. The idea now is not that a certain citizen is doing harmful acts and committing crimes, but that the citizen is a source of harmful ideas, and thus it must be monitored and fully controlled

the internet-of-things is just a way for us to integrate in a data base massive amounts of data coming from any and all devices with whom a given citizen interact, knowingly or unknowingly; data reduction algoithms will then be used to scale down that data and produce information relevant for the state in order to prosecute citizens simply because they show this or that particular profile

the building hosts the panoptic data processing system, which is where all live streaming videos go; it is also the focal point where integration of disparate systems and sensors happens, providing provides connected and situational intelligence to law enforcement agencies. The problem is that those agencies are in turn monitored by an unknown agency they refer to as The Activty

Mass surveillance is not enough. We don't really need facial recognition when we already know where is everyone at any moment, doing exactly what, with whom, to whom, and when. All companies and corporations have links to law enforcement agencies. The moment you enter a shop, no matter how small, you are being tracked. Every object you consume is RFIDed, and with them you are also chiped

The system is, ironically, called RELIGION. Small sensors cover specific surfaces of objects all around the city. Stair handrails are mostly covered with a polymeric coating below which the fingerprint recognition system is installed

The ruler of the world is just the mediocre. The mediocre has a mediocre belief system. He always vote grey; he never trades off norm violations; he is a good father and is morally a good person on average. It is the average the mediocre has in a high steem. He is furiously republican on Mondays, and fiercely democrat on Sundays so that, on average, he is mediocre, which is what he wants to be. He intensely defends his own interests, but just on average. That's why the world has become mediocre, and that's why we live in the average civilization

Most of us do not aim to be morally excellent by absolute standards. Instead we aim to be about as morally good as our peers. Our peers are somewhat morally criticizable – not morally horrible, but morally mediocre. If we aim to approximately match their mediocrity, we are somewhat morally criticizable for having such low personal moral ambitions. It’s tempting to try to rationalize one’s mediocrity away by admitting merely that one is not a saint, yet those who oppose our ideals are evil
