Pandora was designed having in mind the potential phytosanitary risk to other crop plants grown in the same season and vicinity

the seminal team had experience designing and testing new Begomoviruses in India; they also have experience in the few host plant species where umbraviruses are naturally confined

Field tests show that Pandora may pose an important constraint on the yield of opium poppy crops all over the world. Its effects are devastating. Severely affected plants became completely rotten and collapsed. I've witnessed entire fields in DENIED collapsing in just two months after release of the umbraviruses. Sure, I've also witnessed hell's doors opening in those cities where heroin stopped selling, but that's how the laws of supply and demand work, man

I think the definite impulse for the design of the new umbravirus was the observation that some of the Luteoviridae showed limited manual transmissibility when in the presence of the umbravirus LSMV. The task for developing an umbravirus exhibiting rapid systemic spread in plants was then taken over by SV06n. Lot of funds went into that program

It is a complete kit comprising two new umbraviruses and an incredibly easy deployment mechanism that guarantees quick and efficient worldwide infection. Opium poppy is grown for pharmaceutically important alkaloids such as morphine, thebaine, codeine, papaverine, and noscapine, so we don't want all poppy fields in the world to collapse. We will only use the kit on target fields all along the transect from Afghanistan to North Burma as a way to regulate the market. Ruined and collapsed poppy fields will make heroin price to skyrocket, and that means more money for us

The new variants used by Pandora were bioengineered from opium poppy mosaic virus, that was first isolated from Papaver somniferum (opium poppy) with leaf mosaic and mottling symptoms in New Zealand, in 2006

The third variant is not included in Pandora. It is a military variant that modifies the alkaloids quantitatively yielding a superpoppy, that is, a plant which is highly enriched in morphine from which you can produce the purest heroin so far; in fact, the heroin you obtain is so pure that simply smelling it can get you addicted. The development of that heroin is meant to create chemical incapacitating weapons. Imagine deploying that heroin via aerosols through the ventilation system of an office building for 3 days. Has no color, no odor, I mean, you won't notice. In three days you'll become addicted without having a clue on how that happened to you. I heard they once planned a test using Tower 270 in New York as a target
