They do not adhere to any doctrine, they apply their world systems theory according to which oligarchs are the only citizens in liberal democracies who can pursue their personal political objectives indirectly and yet intensively by exerting determined influence through armies of professional, skilled actors (the middle and upper class worker bees helping produce oligarchic outcomes) who labor yearround assalaried, full-time advocates and defenders of core oligarchic interests. To destroy an oligarchic network would require destroying society as we know it: we are all part of the oligarchic network

You target powerful oligarchs or elites who skim and steal to the point of debilitating the state and economy. Those oligarchs are seen not merely as immoral criminals, but as unpatriotic menaces to national survival. That's why you thought it was a sound strategy to align DENIED goals with those of the regulators. You created a super-regulator, efficient, effective, cool-headed, and your super-regulator did what it was asked to do: eliminate other regulators and oligarchs in one fell swoop

Don't you realize that time control is the basis of every super-network? What is the real heart of the system, the central core from which the axes of power radiate? It is time, or rather, the control of time. Your whole crazy civilization rests on a stopwatch. Even you are chrono-beings. Altering timing signals and the entire network of satellites that those signals has devastating effects. To start with, the banking industries are degraded with the lack of accurate timing, and without those banking systems your oligarchs cannot survive. The internet itself relies on these signals to function properly, your transportation networks need accurate timing, everything in your civilization revolves around a fucking stopwatch. All LyAv has done is follow your instructions. In retrospect, LyAv was nothing more than a digital solar flare

You should have seen the look on the generals' faces when LyAV simulated the attack. Did LyAV attack nuclear missile silos? Did it strategize the destruction of cities and industrial and logistical targets, as they had hoped? No. LyAV designated 155 targets, all of them essential to the proper operation of critical infrastructure timing systems. It engaged the entire Global Positioning System. Actually, it killed 'time'. And your civilization collapsed in just two sunsets

Did you know that the silicon on which all your computers are based is nothing more than a rock? Like it or not, you never escaped the Stone Age

A free running clock is a clock whose frequency and time are not being adjusted, either manually or automatically, and thus keeps time commensurate with the frequency accuracy of its oscillator. Because no oscillator is perfect, free running clocks always accumulate a time offset. We knew that, and for this reason, free running clocks are never utilized in critical infrastructure systems for time synchronization unless the requirements are modest, or unless cesium clocks are deployed. Our job was to adjust the oscillator frequency in a way that removes the frequency offset so that a time offset no longer accumulates. This is the method used by disciplined clocks, including the GPSDCs that are the workhorses of critical infrastructure timing systems. That's what LyAV learned, and that's what LyAV targeted

First it degraded the stock exchanges, then the power grid, then the telecommunication systems. The speed of the collapse caught everyone by surprise. It's as if all your cities have been frozen, in darkness, in silence. It is as if the entire technosphere has been affected by a global stroke. It was the perfect simulation of a solar flare, of the digital holocaust. But to degrade all those systems would mean that the supercomputer itself should have ceased to operate. And, in fact, that is what happened. So we realized that something or someone else was actually responsible. Unfortunately, we realized too late what DP-2147 really was. Too late

Once upon a time, long ago, there was a beautiful planet without oligarchs or chronometers. In its night sky shone a moon, the stars, and a strange object: the time suppressor
