Uncertainty stems from our inability to compare the present to anything we’ve previously experienced. When situations lack analogies to the past, we have trouble envisioning how they will play out in the future

We expect psychosocial disorders of behavior and performance in both long duration missions in space, and life in underwater habitats ranging from individual and team decrements. Unlike surface habitats, underwater life conveys organizational issues that include the influence of organizational culture and mission duration on individual and group performance, individual autonomy, and managerial requirements for permanent underwater habitats

It is assumed that the the prospects of living and working in an isolated, confining and hostile environment for prolonged periods of time will be quite stressful probably for the first two generations of inhabitants, despite the fact that the decision to live in submerged facilities in the ocean is taken as the only viable alternative for survival when the terrestrial environment has become unviable for whatever reason

It is not a matter of going from living on the surface to living underwater. To begin with, the social models and belief system of those who will live underwater must be adapted to the new environment. Moreover, it is not a matter of transferring the entire population to the underwater habitation infrastructure, as this is not feasible. There will be a selection of viable groups of people, and other groups will be left to their fate on the surface

Due to the specificities of large-scale underwater habitats, it would be necessary to instill a uniform structure of knowledge, to instill a pattern of ideals and beliefs, to create a unified mind across the inhabitants of the underwater cities. In three generations the humans resulting from this deep ocean migration will be cognitively very different from their terrestrial ancestors, even though physiologically there will hardly be any differences between them

The pressure of being in an underwater environment, as well as the responsibility of maintaining the habitat, can lead to high levels of stress. The uncertainty of living in such a unique and potentially dangerous environment can also exacerbate these feelings. But for us, the main problem is the lack of natural light and the constant pressure of the underwater environment, both of which can impact cognitive functioning leading to difficulties with concentration, memory, and decision-making. This virtually means most of the decision-making in the underwater habitats would be run by AI systems

The veil of ignorance also encourages us to consider the worst case scenario for any policy or decision, since we cannot predict what our own circumstances will be. This can lead to a more cautious and inclusive approach to decision making, as we try to ensure that the least advantaged individuals are not harmed by our actions
