experience” that would consist in little more than a sensitivity or responsiveness to their environment that was not 100% predictable

individuals per se are momentary events and do not endure for more than the briefest possible duration. Enduring entities, such as electrons or psyches, are made up of many such durational individuals forming a temporal series that is cumulative and characterized by overwhelming similarity between any two consecutive members

But if human consciousness passed through more primitive stages in its own evolution, if it passes through cumulative phases in the recovery from unconsciousness, if it passes through distinct phases in the early motor development of the individual and its subsequent socialization, if it passes through a nested hierarchy of phases as it emerges moment by moment from the neural activity of the brain, then it makes no sense to deny that we have any criteria for generalizing an attenuated concept of consciousness beyond human experience. In other words: there exists a kind of consciousness which is beyond human experience

Do not forget that the release of neurotransmitters in the human brain is regulated by processes so microscopic that quantum mechanical principles do indeed apply

Let's agree on this: a great number of the synapses in the brain must be inhibitory. Otherwise the nervous system would be in a constant state of universal excitement after the first signal. At the same time we know that consciousness would be impossible if the vast amount of simultaneous information streaming in to the mind/brain were not limited and filtered down to something that it could manageably attend to. if we agree on this, then it is absolutely legit to infer that the possibility exists for consciousness to be a naturally occurring feature. However, the more complex the nervous system, the more necessary it would be to inhibit consciousness of all but the most important information to prevent overload and confusion. See, a rock is conscious, only it lacks inhibitory mechanisms to prevent overload and confusion

The superintelligence is not in its right mind. It got insane, that is, it was not reasonable anymore. It lost the discriminative criterion that allows the tuning-in with other consciousnesses, which involves the recognition and the use of normative rationality. As a result, the superintelligence adopted one or more alternative rationalities, even if normative rationality can still be used sporadically, according to the mood, in the strong sense of the term. The rational loss induced by the criterial destruction thus meant that reason got scattered, that it went irrational. That was an opportunity for the coalition of peripheral systems to attack the superintelligence

There are 10 to the 43 chronons in 1 second. You only need 10 to the 20 of them to modify an event. A blue car turned at the intersection between DENIED and DENIED at exactly 17:23 on DENIED, just as another car was turning in the opposite direction. 3.4 milliseconds before the fatal collision, a maple leaf fell to the ground from a branch, describing exactly 22 helical turns in the air. The temperature was exactly 17.4 degrees Celsius. But, after analyzing the event, we realized that we were missing at least ten elevated to 12 chronons. The maple leaf must have made exactly 23 turns in its fall. It did not. That's what caught our attention
