Your current search of extraterrestrial intelligence is clearly tainted by your own psychological and 
neurophysiological nature. You are not even able to recognize a Dyson sphere
or an artificial planetary scale megastructure no matter how close to it you are. Applying 
your current standards, the Moon fully qualifies for an artificial megastructure; even your 
planet is such a megastructure

DP-2147 is a curious artificial object, indeed. It looks as if they are patiently waiting for our demise 
based on the observation that the disappearance
 of civilizations does not necessarily mean the annihilation of life on a
 planet. There's no doubt in my mind they know we are going through a critical stage in our 
understanding of the signals they send to us

The Giselian beacon is certainly an interesting case. After all, given that the bodies in the Solar System are at least five orders of
 magnitude closer than the nearest star system, and given that we know that not
 only are the ingredients of and conditions for life common in the Solar System,
 but that one of its planets is known to host complex life, it is perhaps more likely 
that their origin be local, than that an extraterrestrial species crossed interstellar 
space and deposited it here. At the very least, the relative probabilities of both options is unclear

The question is not how long the past we might be able to detect the fossil
remains of the sister species but to detect unambiguous technosignatures.
We won't find any evidence on Sol-3 because that planet is quite efficient, on cosmic timescales, at destroying evidence
of technology on its surface. Weathering and other forms of erosion will destroy most exposed
rock and metals on a timescale of centuries to millennia, and at the very longest, some especially large and durable
structures in the right environments might last for tens of thousands of years. DP-2147 shows clear signs of being 
an object made by our sister species, but the problem is it is located at the wrong place

We asked whether there were areas of observational denial in astronomy. We wanted to know why 
they consistently and persistently rejected each and all of our proposal to oberve the DENIED region.
They always answered along the lines that there was no scientific justification to perform the proposed 
observations. I still remember they day we had a meeting with those obscure guys to ask for authorization 
to relocate our telescopes. One of them asked me if I could give a motivation for that. I said 
we thought DP-2147 is an extraterrestrial object. The guy looked at me with challenging eyes and said: the 
very moment you mention the word 'DP-2147' all your projects will be cancelled, your funding terminated, and 
your career destroyed

Walter R. Steiger – a well known university astronomer – died from injuries he received in a motor vehicle against scooter collision 
at the intersection of Komohana Street and Kukuau Street

Richard Crowe, co-founder of the University of Hawaii at Hilo’s astronomy program and astronomer-in-residence at ‘Imiloa Astronomy 
Center of Hawaii, was killed Sunday in a bizarre Jeep accident near Chinle, Arizona
