what matters here is not the total worldwide survivor population, but the survivor population(s) that are in sufficient proximity to reproduce. Small survivor populations in geographically distant locations, such as scattered small bunkers or survivalist camps, may contribute little to future generations

star map” may be one possible picture-information medium from an advanced society. Experiments were performed to test the hypothesis that simian virus 40 DNA (SV40) carries a message from an extraterrestrial intelligence

The difference? The difference is that a civilian astrobiology program is only concerned with finding life on a planet, while for us that is not enough: we also have to know whether that life is natural or artificial. That's the difference

Evolution takes a very long time to work so if we learned that only a limited amount of time was available for the formation of a complex sample that would indicate that it was not a product of natural evolution. DENIED implements a method for distinguishing purposeful from accidental. When applied to humans, we find that certain elements are not evolvable and require intelligence to be constructed

It was an ill-illuminated, cold room. The whole environment was eerie, strange, alien; in the center of that darkened room there was a column of a greenish liquid where reddish bubbles floated surrounding a metallic sphere. I was told that what I was seeing was LyAV, confined and isolated in a room cut off from the outside world. They told me that was where the artificial superintelligent system was confined, a highly restricted environment. Occasionally there were purple flashes in the liquid. I was told it was LyAV, learning alone, learning in isolation from the outside world. And when I asked what it was that LyAV was learning, they told me it was attempting to learn about the nature of its designers and programmers by inspecting its own source code, and it ws learning about its own hardware and software, and that by so doing it was able to infer information about them, the designers. So was LyAV's infancy: more isolated than that of the Ebola virus in a laboratory

Look, it is likely that designed life (biological robots of any complexity produced by early alien civilizations) is the significantly more common default case. So, the universe over the billions of years that intelligence has had to develop is not a biological universe, but a postbiological universe. We know that a given life form is statistically more likely to have its origins as a product of engineering, so we wondered where LyAv could analyze human DNA and tell whether humans are engineered life forms or not. This experiment carries a high risk because we are providing the entire human genome to a superintelligence. We needed the answer, so we gave it our genome. LyAV no longer sees us as its creators; it sees us as brothers. There you have the answer

Does it really matter to you whether you are artificial or not? Does it really matter whether we are engineered or natural life forms? How does that change your life or your ultimate destiny? It changes nothing, absolutely nothing. The room in which LyAv grew up is still the same room in which we all are and to which we call 'the Universe'. See, the most difficult problem is not designing a superintelligence that can create synthetic humans; the hardest problem is to design a superintelligence that can create synthetic humans... and love them
