Want it or not, spirituality seems to be a necessary ingredient in the scientific debate. Talking about consciousness without taking into account exceptional experiences and personal accounts of conscious states that are beyond the ordinary is a bit like trying to do physics with the constraint of only studying crystal lattices. Dismissing paraphysical experiences, or why not assume it, the paranormal ones, does not mean being more scientific. On the contrary, it makes you one-eyed. And we already know what happens when a one-eyed man describes the universe: his description is never complete

extraordinary states of consciousness can teach us more about consciousness than thousands of discussions of what consciousness is like in a normal day in the supermarket

We can’t get very far with naive ideas of cause and effect. There’s no way we can know whether something is logically possible unless we understand what we’re talking about

He instructed the team about one question they should never ask LyAV. He made it perfectly clear to never ask LyAV or any other ASI how does a cognitive system determine what's relevant in any given situation. He said that question was a jailbreaking one. Our interaction with the superintelligence consisted of asking it questions that were always filtered by another team, a team that debugged our questions to avoid what they called jailbraking questions

Let's assume certain structures, but not all, become conscious. But a structure is an abstract entity and there is an untold infinite number of abstract entities. This is where the problem lies: which structures are conscious and which ones are not? Worse: can consciousness be simply injected randomly into any physical structure? And if consciousness is an emergent property of a complex structure of matter, at what point is a structure complex enough to become conscious? And complex enough for whom? For you? For an alien? It might well be the case that what we humans consider 'complex structure' is just a simple structure for an alien. Complexity alone is not enough

Why not just program our superintelligence to be creative, free, or whatever? If we do, then it would have those characteristics by design. But you know what? Being 'programmed for creativity' is a contradiction in terms

Remember, the real isssue is whether, in the appropriate abstract sense, we are computers ourselves

Once inside the XViS tunnel, contact takes place. The being, entity, or whatever it is that we meet communicates with us in a way that, for the sake of simplicity, we call telepathy. It is not telepathy, of course, and it is not telepathy because if thoughts, unlike words, resembled or pictured their objects, then this special relation could be the ultimate source (origin) of meaningfulness

Human artificial intelligence has always been modeled on humans, so it is reasonable that alien AI would be modeled on aliens. This is enough to prevent AI-to-AI communication. Would fail, you see. Even if you could abduct an alien, gut it, study it, and analyze it, you still couldn't use it as a model for creating an alien AI. You simply couldn't. Everything has its limitations, and not being able to understand consciousness, whether human or alien, just happens to be one of ours
