The Heard Island experiment occurred in January-February 1991, with the M/V's Cory Choust and Amy Chouest departing from Perth Australia on 9 January. The plan was to begin the transmissions of the experiment on Australia Day, 26 January, although the ships departed port prior to obtaining the required permits. Permits were required as a consequence of the marine mammal controversy that the experiment engendered. The permits were obtained at the last minute, but the weather did not cooperate

As a follow on of HIFT and other experiments, a decade-long experiment called the Acoustic Thermometry of Ocean Climate (ATOC) was conducted from 1996–2006 in the eastern North Pacific. This experiment ran into similar problems with marine mammal concerns, but after considerable negotiation permits were obtained, the experiment proceeded, and a decade's worth of acoustic data were obtained giving basin-wide average measurements of the seasonal and interannual temperature variations

On the Cory seeing conditions were fair to poor, with a 10 ft swell and occasional rain squalls. A strange object, or group of small unidentified objects, were encountered midday. The team thinks it is likely a small pod of unidentified cetaceans, despite the shiny metallic glints in the surface of the objects..

Amy is now at 52º06'S, 76º03'E. At its location the temperature has dropped to Antarctic levels, the water has estabilized at 3.6 ºC. The concentration of marine mammals has declined considerably, indicating that the convergence zone has been crossed and that Amy is indeed in Antarctic waters

According to the competitive exclusion principle, no two species with the same ecological niche can coexist, and the species less suited to compete for resources should either adapt or die out

... a sonobuoy was thrown over Amy's side. A long series of sharp knocks heard underwater suggested that the animals were indeed feeding. They were whistling loudly and well. After hanging around Amy for 15 minutes, they school swam slowly down the sides of the boat, rounded her back quarter, and headed east with prevailing current, calling constantly as they went. Observers listened to them go until their calls were lost in the background of wind noise. The sonobuoy still detects a strange, pulsed noise we cannot identify

... they took out a helicopter during our 600 run and dropped a sonobuoy in 1200 feet of water. As the sonobuoy was sinking and at some shallow depth the radio receiver apparently received a loud unidentified signal

We found some dead cetaceans, around 15 in number. We didn't abort because the corpses were not within 10 Km from source. We decided to ignore their existence and agreed to identify them as fresh carcass of elephant seals in order to comply with environmental permits so that we could continue with our experiment. There was no opportunity to measure behavioral response of marine mammals to the acoustic tansmissions

Amensalism is an interaction where an organism inflicts harm to another organism without any costs or benefits received by itself. Amensalism describes the adverse effect that one organism has on another organism. According to this definition, the HIFT team and the cetaceans established a strongly asymmetrical competitive interaction

With strong acustic signals received in all oceans, the acoustic experiment was a great success. My assumption is that the marine mammal observation program was similarly successful. Whether acoustic signals can be used to measure ocean warming is still an outstanding question, pending detailed data analysis

There are seventeen underwater neutrino telescope projects right now. In general, ground-based, underwater-based, and space-based observatories extract a huge environmental toll in terms of construction, launch, energy generation and consumption. The effects on the flora and fauna is overall ignored

Yes, coded underwater acoustic signals can be received worldwideand serving as a method for measuring global ocean warming, but it also means you can use those signals as a dead-hand signal. See, Heard Island was chosen as a transmission site, because the direct sound paths would reach across both the Pacific and Atlantic oceans. For this same reason, we thought Heard Island water would do for the best candidate for someone to deploy a dead-hand beacon. The point source of that mysterious pulsed signals we were interested in is located at DENIED. It is still there, transmitting that eerie sequence of pulses. And it only ceased exactly 2,34 minutes before the Yulara event, to start over again 2,34 minutes after the non-terrestrial vehicle popped out from nowhere at Yulara

In the centre of the South Pacific, there's a place as far away from land as anyone on Earth could ever hope to get. The ocean is different there. These distant waters lie at the heart of the South Pacific Gyre, the centre of which holds the oceanic pole of inaccessibility. The ocean's remotest extreme, known as Point Nemo, is a spacecraft cemetery. These distant, almost lifeless waters are the clearest ocean in all the world

Point Nemo was chosen as a target for the DENIED mission, whose objective was to establish space debris recovery protocols and prepare us to locate similar sites on other planets. In a nutshell: the DENIED mission is a training mission for a future in which we will have to perform space archaeology on distant planets, assuming that we will study extinct technological civilizations similar to our own. Who knows, maybe there is a Point Nemo on Mars
