There is likely a universal probabilistic law of evolutionary convergence that is inversely proportional to system's complexity; that is, the simpler a system is, the greater chances are that similar systems will be abundant throughout the Universe. The more complex a system is, the more rare convergence is likely to be. Complexity in systems is an integration of temporal evolution and probabilistic events. The longer a system is around, the greater chance it has to adapt through regular cycles and, at any given time, to mutate through stochastic events

We need new cognitive universals that might be used to develop new strategies when searching for life in the universe; though we really are not interested in finding life. We are interested in finding systems, more specifically, we are interested in locating intentional systems. And the only one we have so far found (DP-2147) follows an exotic logic we do not understand. It seems to us it would be difficult to accept the existence of cognitive universals given the current situation

The co-evolution model might enable more robust cooperation than fixed network games and shed light on what contact type is adaptively appropriate for cooperation to emerge. In fact, we predict that a stable cooperation phase will emerge when a cooperative agent, the Denebian probe in this case, which finally results in a heterogeneous network, even though starting from a random network

for defending a technosphere from a coalition of non-terrestrial probes attacks, immediately severing links with those probes is more effective than instigating non-terrestrial against non-terrestrial probes as retaliation

Roughly speaking, we can say that the most important core mechanism of network reciprocity is how initially allocated terrestrial clusters can survive over non-terrestrial invasions in the early stage of an evolutionary process. If terrestrial clusters, initially formed by random allocation of cooperators and defectors, would be eradicated by defectors’ initial diffusion, cooperation can never expand, whereas if they survive, cooperation might increase in the long run to a level approaching either the co-existence of non-terrestrials and terrestrials or perfect cooperation

there are also so-called facilitators, who behave as mirrors to their neighbors: they cooperate with cooperators and defect with defectors. But they do not participate in the exchange of strategies. Whether DP-2147 is a facilator or not is still an open question

Any dynamic environment needs reciprocity to solve a social dilemma. This compels communication to emerge among agents so that they can obtain a high payoff. That's how a communication evolves. In other words, pressure to cooperate leads to the evolution of communication

When a dilemma tempting an agent to exploit is relatively small, the population uses a single signal for its alarm call. However, with growing dilemma strength, reliability of the alarm call decays, because of an increase in the number of mimics (who use false signals). The social system begins to fluctuate between cooperative (reliable alarm call) and defective (false information) eras. This is a perturbation phase, commonly observed in various unsteady dynamic systems. Later, assuming a strong dilemma, the communication value of the alarm call is completely disrupted, leading to a situation called the Tower of Babel
