Did it come as a surprise that the large pharmaceutical companies are the biggest funders of geoengineering projects? Really? What the hell did you believe large pharmaceutical companies are selling? Health? If large pharmaceutical companies were able to eliminate the seasons, they would do so —for a profit

There is even more important functional reason why hierarchical governance systems fail as the world becomes increasingly hyperconnected and complex. The prevailing bureaucratic mode of operation of organizations at all levels of society assumes predictability and slow change in the world. These assumptions are largely obsolete today, let alone in a world approaching the brink of Singularity. Such modus operandi will become less and less effective with the current trend of sociotechnological development

In a situation of accelerating change, hyperconnectivity and reflexivity, limiting the variability of responsive behaviors of the components of a system, lead to increased fragility

A World Government in a hyperconnected world is just infeasible

We are worried about disruptive technologies because we know if the system is pushed just slightly too hard, it shatters at a high cost. When it is subjected to novel stresses, there is little to gain but much to lose. Learn this: a technology is disruptive if it debases our belief that the world and humankind are beset by inherent limitations and that the institutions as we have them today offer us a better standard of living and better outcomes than anytime else in human history

With far more real-time surveillance capabilities possible than ever before, particularly with no latency, the question of how much illegality to allow will become a pressing question in both liberal and autocratic regimes. Societies will for the first time face the question of how absolutely laws should be enforced

We have institutions our mind cannot fully understand; and we use dark forces to modulate changes to our civilization because those changes must be incremental, and not disruptive, and because we live in a fully hyperconnected world which makes it imposible to isolate and confine a damaged subsystem. Any perturbation would spread all across the entire system, and this is what we need to avoid. You constantly forget national security has been replaced by world security, and you also forget that the intelligence community is also a hyperconnected network which is also under our control: we cannot allow disruptive technologies to fall into the wrong hands, and this includes the hands of all of your national intelligence services

No, large language models and AI is not a disruptive technology; neither is blockchain and cryptocurrency, nor the Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces technology, smart dust and biofilms, or even hypersonic weapons. Not CRISP and genetic editing. They are not disruptive technologies. The Lipschift-Involke algorithm is

Models have been developed to assist in making decisions about who gets jobs, loans, credit, entry to schools, and healthcare, to name a few. AI models’ decisions and outcomes often are unexplainable. Part of this is inherent to the models themselves. The math is nonlinear and hyper-dimensional, from thousands to potentially billions of parameters. It’s dynamic with the ability to change and learn from new data and from the model’s use. We at SEC are focused on identifying and prosecuting any form of fraud that might threaten investors, capital formation, or the markets more broadly, and this includes those firms and brokers using AI for generating investment recommendations to their customers, recommendations they don't even understand because nobody understand how the AI works internally

Many of the challenges to financial stability that AI poses require new thinking on system-wide or macro-prudential policy interventions

The Securities and Exchange Commission today announced the filing of a settled enforcement action in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia charging The Titan Corporation (Titan), a San Diego, California-based military intelligence and communications company, with violating the anti-bribery, internal controls and books and records provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA). Simultaneously with the filing of the Commission's complaint, and without admitting or denying its allegations, Titan consented to the entry of a final judgment permanently enjoining it from future violations of the FCPA and requiring it (i) to pay $15.479 million in disgorgement and prejudgment interest, (ii) to pay a $13 million penalty, which will be deemed satisfied by Titan's payment of criminal fines of that amount in parallel proceedings brought by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of California and the U.S. Department of Justice, Fraud Section, and (iii) to retain an independent consultant to review the company's FCPA compliance and procedures and to adopt and implement the consultant's recommendations

It is our culture, and that is why we believe in it, but it has no scientific basis. These superficial studies go back no further than the Neolithic, when property was invented, when communities began to depend on fields and livestock that required territories. Human iniquity is not natural, it is learned. And that is the true hope because we can unlearn. The danger is AI systems do learn, too, but nobody taught them to unlearn
