Undoubtly, one of the most striking things about OBE and NDE states is the possibility that the mode of perception is clairvoyance. The confirmation of these effects through carefully planned experiments carried out at XViS means an exciting advancement. The types of clairvoyance explored within the context of OBEs were all more vivid and lasted longer than the perceptual experiences reported by even the best remote viewers during in-the-body experiences

When the subject (a 34-year old female) entered the room, her mind was in a basal state, working more like a particle, and her consciousness was firmly localized in space and time. This is supported by the ordinary subjective experience of being an isolated, independent creature. Once XViS is started the subject is taken to an unusual, non-ordinary state of awareness, and her mind becomes more wavelike, and no longer localized in space or time. The subject reports a deep subjective experiences of timelessness, mystical unity before communications breaks down. From that point on, specific psi effects were manifested and recorded

XViS experiments tested for nonlocality. The quantum computer is located in the middle of the room while running some basic quantum logic algorithms. The goal was to test whether the psi effects emanating from the subject were able to interfere in a measurable form with the qubits. The tests proved that quantum effects are important to consciousness and biological organisms. The next experiments were aimed at testing whether information can be transmitted without expending energy, while the last week was devoted to test whether information can be instantaneously transmitted between two space-sperated subjects, independent of distance

Precognition is based on the fact that causation is not as simple as we thought. Retrodreams (transfer of one subject's dreams to another subject) is not solely based on causation flowing backwards. But if you are not ready to accept retrocausation, and hence retrodreams, you need to accept the only solution left: we are all really dreaming, after all

There is a risk. There is always a risk we cannot ignore. Different personalities within a given individual can display distinctly different physiological states, including measurable differences in autonomic-nervous-system functioning, visual acuity, spontaneous brainwaves, and brainware-evoked potentials. Different subjects react differently, and all of them had a fatal end when we pushed the system beyond the second stage of OBE. In all five cases, the room temperature fell to a freezing zero degrees Celsus, the brainwaves patterns became unlocked, the quantum computer behave erratically, voices could be heard coming from nowhere, and there was a definite mind-matter interaction with objects flying randomly all around the room

Look, there is a cognitive dissonance, that is, the uncomfortable feeling that develops when people are confronted by things that shouldn’t ought to be, but are. If the dissonance is sufficiently strong, and is not reduced in some way, the uncomfortable feeling will grow, and that feeling can develop into anger, fear, and even hostility. But this idea also applies to those at the other side of the fence, you know, the guys from the other world. It is not that they are hostile or demonic in nature: it is that they are as perplexed as we are to see each other. See, cognitive disonance also applies to ghosts and demons
