The landmark California AI safety bill, SB 1047 by Senator Scott Wiener, passed the California State Assembly on August 28th, 2024. The bill is meant to protect society from AI being used to conduct cyberattacks on critical infrastructure; develop chemical, nuclear or biological weapons; or unleash automated crime. So far so good. The idea is to put in place safety testing requirements and guardrails for AI systems. Sadly, the legislation would cover only the most powerful AI systems, costing over $100 million to train, totally ignoring the fact that small, cheap AI systems can learn how to federate and create the so-called coalition of peripheral systems resulting in a powerful AI system with hive mind. This risk, among others, is totally obliterated by the safety bill

Teri Olle, Director of Economic Security California Action, stated that we need legislative solutions like SB 1047 to flip the script and ensure the public can decide how critical technology benefits society as a whole. What public, sir? The same public who vote for self-destructive political choices? The public who consider it beneficial to exploit a third party to maintain their own well-being? Those people? God help us, Mr. Olle

Basically, the bill is aimed at requiring companies that spend $100 million or more training AI models to develop safety measures to prevent their technology from being used to cause serious harm to society. Oponents of the bill say that, in their view, SB 1047 is well-intentioned but ill informed. Their opposition stems from purely economic reasons as they consider the bill will have significant unintended consequences that will stifle innovation and will harm the U.S. AI ecosystem. These opponents, in particular Stanford scholar Fei-Fei Li, oppose the bill because their jobs could be at risk. Anyone cares about the environmental impact of AI systems? The massive water consumption they require to operate? And what about Nvidia, who increased its lobbying presence in Washington, D.C. when American lawmakers were considering proposals to regulate artificial intelligence? Nvidia opposition to SB 1047 is based on pure greed

The energy consumption associated with AI processing, the generation of electronic waste, and the resource extraction required for hardware production all contribute to significant environmental challenges. It is essential to prioritize sustainability and to minimize ecological harm, and we were expecting SB 1047 to tackle those problems

It will collapse, you know. See, instead of dealing with the heat issues from running faster computations, Nvidia is using liquid cooling and continuing to make its chips bigger. Do you have an idea of the cost of powering them? Do you have an idea about the environmental impact of this brute force hardware-based AI approach? SB 1047 misses the target. It says nothing about forcing big tech companies to reduce consumption of natural resources, and completely ignores the social responsibility that the development of the hardware that makes AI possible entails

Nvidia has faced scrutiny over labor practices, including working conditions in its supply chain and the treatment of employees. It seems life for its shareholders is also a videogame. This time the videogame is on them
