somehow digital code and computer-mediated neurochemistry are getting into our dreams, and in this process we are being transformed

Quantum paradoxes are not paradoxes, once you understand physics. If you want a real paradox here is one: on the morning of July 20 in 1976 NASA culminated the historic unmanned Viking mission to Mars; Viking became the first human robotic artifact to successfully set a footpad on the Red Planet. On July 21, 1976 the first color photos of Mars were transmitted to Earth; and yet, on that very same day Anneliese Michel, aged 23, died from malnutrition after her parents asked two Roman Catholic priests to treat her for psychosis by exorcism. See? That's a paradox

The true and final death is caused by loss of information, the information about where things should go. If we could describe what things should look like, then we could (with fine enough tools, tools that would literally let us rearrange the molecular structure) put things right. If we can’t describe what things should look like, then the patient is beyond help. Because the fundamental problem is the loss of information, this has been called information theoretic death. Information theoretic death, unlike today’s clinical death, is a true and absolute death from which there can be no recovery. If information theoretic death occurs then we can only mourn the loss

If we knew what the result of a computer program would be, there would be little point in writing or running it. In fact, it’s a fundamental theorem of computer theory that in the general case, there’s no way to tell what a program will do, other than to run it and see what happens. Their simulations are not deterministic, otherwise it would be pointless running them, so we feel that although all synthetic dreams end in a rice field in the middle of which DENIED stands, what happens before reaching the rice field is not deterministic

All encounters with Giselians are dreamlike. Let us assume the abduction experience is an extraordinary type of dream. The coherence of the experience shows it’s not a private but a collective dream. A dream, perhaps, of the species mind. Produced by the species mind, like any dream, it is about the dreamer. Perhaps about the dreamer’s future

The threat of mass death from nuclear warfare, global ecological catastrophe, or both, is evoking a new level of consciousness from humanity at large. It is a consciousness that is aimed at lifting humanity above its usual sensate and materialistic concerns into the realm of the transcendent. This emergent level of consciousness is serving an adaptive evolutionary end, for evolution is teleological

Dream reality is a parallel continuum. Objects and beings in that parellel world are hyperspatial objects and beings of some sort which cast a shadow into matter. But you cannot interact with that world using the logic of this world; that would be as a desert-stuck man who attempts to quench his thirst by drinking deeply from the waters of a mirage

the superintelligence will ultimately reconfigure the mathematical matrix from which it sprang and will do this not only by affecting changes in content and method over a wide mathematical terrain, but more importantly by altering the practice and the very conception we have of mathematics. And it will do so in such a radical way that we will no longer even understand the mathematics and logic with which the superintelligence operates

A system architecture is ultimately an abstraction of how the system designer think about reality. The idea of computing in parallel is natural, obvious, and immediate as soon as one looks at the myriad forms of simultaneous action and collective cognition that surround us. Therefore, that computations need to be performed from both the real world and the dream state is natural and logical. What is no longer so obvious is that the simulation of an entire universe must be run simultaneously both in the past and in the future
