The future is always arriving, in one form or another. There is no no future. It's an absurdly simple point, like saying that one plus one equals two. But despite its apparent simplicity, it bears remembering because its corollary has far-reaching consequences: that the future will come regardless of our capacity to imagine and articulate a vision for it. Which in turn leads to another obvious but easily missed point: that any failure of the imagination vis-a-vis the future does not prevent the future arriving, but only leaves it susceptible to the visions of others. Or, to put it another way: the future belongs to those who dare to imagine it

Your technologies are all about tools of racist world planning. Confess

By prosthetic memories I mean memories which do not come from a person’s lived experience in any strict sense. These are implanted memories, and the unsettled boundaries between real and simulated ones are frequently accompanied by another disruption: of the human body, its flesh, its subjective autonomy, its difference from both the animal and the technological

Idiocracy can thus be a pejorative name for a government that repeatedly makes bad decisions, leads their country to an obvious decline, and is managed unprofessionally or by politicians of a low or insufficient qualification. However, idiocracy is not necessarily related just to a description of government administration. The term is also closely linked to democratic society that has gone wrong due to idiocy, resulting in it becoming dysfunctional

Whether you grew up in a liberal Western democracy or in a dictatorship, whether you got a religious education or a secular one, whether you are American or Chinese or Indian, what you come to believe about yourself and the world is not of your choosing. Strangely, you are a captive to thoughts and feelings that others have instilled in you. You may feel joy buying things or playing golf, drinking coffee, or going on a Haig pilgrimage. You may believe that your nation is the greatest, that you are part of a chosen people, that your God is the greatest, you may believe in a disciplined self or in no self, or that genders are fluid, or in inclusion of the disabled, or compassion for animals or that going into space will solve humanity’s problems. You may admire entrepreneurs, small business and celebrities or be proud of the welfare state. You may put health above all else or like traveling abroad or praying. Your attitude toward these things was not really your choice

Oh, I see! You are a transhumanist! You want to accelerate human evolution through technological means. Why not then drop atomic bombs all over the planet, thus creating a radioactive atmosphere? You will see how soon innovative mutations emerge that will surely delight you. And what's the worst that can happen? That the human species will become extinct? Wasn't that the ultimate goal of its evolution? There you have it: ultra-accelerated evolution. That's what you wanted, isn't it? Really, Mr. Bostrom, it seems to me you are either the last super-idiot of your species, or perhaps the first clown of the post-nuclear world. Wait a minute. I just thought of something. After the nuclear apocalypse, there won't be any clowns left..

his” invention

Capitalism is a kind of process of creative destruction or, better said, destructive creation

Addictive global digital technologies simply reaffirm hedonic subjectivity. Social media, for example, tends toward the repetitive addictive consumption of fragmented material; this type of content consumption benefits a small elite at the expense of the privacy of users, and ultimately the social isolation and anxiety of billions of people

For this experiment we will need a bunch of idiots, so go out and bring me a bunch of idiots. What? You don't know what an idiot is? Okay, go out and bring me a bunch of celebrities, politicians, influencers, or voters. Any pack of them will do

All those political movements which presented the world as a well-organized system, ended up in suppressing and wiping out anything that did not fit into the system. America will be the last one to experience this truth. Just sit and wait. Look, I am a banker. My business is to finance your techno-dreams so that at the end of the day in my pocket is all the money I lent you, plus a sumptuous amount in interest. For me, your babbling sounds as the anarcho-capitalist rejection of the paternalistic role of the state in favor of individual sovereignty. You are a technolibertarian, or a cybercommunist. Anyway, you are an idiot

If the world’s largest hotel company owns no hotels (Airbnb) and the world’s largest taxi firm owns no taxis (Uber), it seems natural that the global ruler owns no data, rather, it owns knowledge. And that knowledge is that you, transhumanists and capitalists, will soon be extinct because capitalism, my friend, depends upon nature, and you have destroyed nature

You know perfectly well that you are nobody, in a society that you despise and abuse. Of course, when you were a child you were abused. Now you prefer the warmth of a graphics card, the motherly words of an AI, the applause of slaves, and the safety of a cave you've turned into a bunker in case things get ugly. Your heart remains a barren land, untouched by the warmth of true companionship. The heaviest burden is the silence that follows when the world turns away, a world that for you was but a toy. Whatever you loved, if you ever loved, slips through your fingers like grains of sand in a windy day

You need to re-evaluate your relationship with technology, and you need to reshape your technology to include that set of values that shape your identities and guide your interactions with one another and the world around you. These values include empathy, creativity, community, autonomy, and ethical responsibility. Having to tell you this is really depressing because stating the obvious is something boring. You live in an oversaturated digital landscape, and you've given up your freedom to the algorithms. Your creativity is commodified and homogenized. Your ability for face-to-face relationships has virtually disappeared, your deep dependency on devices and platforms that dictate your behaviors and preferences has actually removed your free will. Your civilization is based on a culture of negligence. Your dreams are not yours, and your desires are dictated by your algorithms. Learn this: in the pursuit of those artificial desires, you've built the very chains that bind you, crafting your own self-destruction with the tools of ambition

When the real and the simulated are indistinguishable it means you are already dead. When the simulated and the real are indistinguishable it means you are a simulation
