You and I are entirely reliant on a cumulative body of cultural know-how that is transmitted from one person to another, and accumulates over generations. Ours is a succeeding species in that we are able to socially transmit complex behavior-shaping information between generations

Cognitive adaptations is what make cultural evolution possible. Now, what makes a cognitive adaptation possible in the first place? The nervous systems of all animal species on Earth function basically the same and are constructed in the same basic manner, but their cognitive adaptation differ largely. However one thing is true: we are all here. In my opinion this proves intelligence alone does not guarantee cultural evolution. There's must be something else

Learn this, Norea: a thousand-year-old civilisation is more likely to acquire behaviours adapted to their personal ecology than by trying to imitate a houndred-thousand-year-old civilisation. Learn from your neighbours from Deneb Algedi, better than trying to learn from Giselians

Contact with Giselians relies on technologies that are hard to invent and master asocially. One needs to learn new strategies and to master new technologies, technologies so complex that to master them you need first to go through cognitive adaptations. With your current cognitive skills you wouldn't be able to even understand the most simple Giselian objects. Again, you need to rely on social information, you need a cohesive cognitively adapted society, and only then fruitful contact could be initiated. Only when you rely on social learning would you be able to cross the threshold to cumulative cultural evolution and become a truly cultural species among other cultural species

minds are shaped by culture and therefore acting on culture is acting on minds; cautiously tweaking and directing a civilization's culture is tantamount to shaping people's minds. Now, larger populations tend to have more complex technology and culture and it is complex technologies what you need to make contact, hence we reasoned we should act in the direction of coalescing the entire Sol-3 population into a single highly interconnected global society. There is a causal relationship between a population’s sociality and its technological sophistication and cultural complexity

In the past, people believed in gods and saw them as creators. Nowadays, people create gods. The idea behind engineered gods is that some combinations of supernatural beliefs and rituals can galvanize cooperation and favor success in intergroup competition better than alternatives, and therefore engineered gods help in our goal of generating large scale cooperation in Sol-3. See, gods are pivotal for the evolution to larger societies from fragmented small-scale societies. Obviously, the more advanced a civilization is, the more complex the god you need to use to direct the evolution of that society. Paradigm-shift vehicles and Denebian probes are used that way: they are to be taken as the new gods by those exposed to them

Astroengineering and megastructures require the cooperation of several civilizations. The fact that your neighbors have not yet arrived at the required stage of technological development poses a dilemma for you: either you help them to achieve that technological development - hence interfering with their normal development - so that you both can build the machine, or you don't help them, therefore advocating yourself to extinction. There's no choice. The Universe is a tricky place in which the question is not if you are alone, rather whether you can stand to be alone
