No one yet knows the social temperature at which the new cities of poverty would spontaneously combust

Ninety-five percent of the final explosion of humanity will occur in the urban areas of developing countries, whose population will double to nearly 4 billion over the next generation. In fact, the combined urban population of China, India and Brazil is already roughly equal to that of Europe plus North America. The most celebrated result will be the blossoming of new megacities with populations in excess of 8 million and, even more spectacularly, hypercities with more than 20 million inhabitants

Kinshasa, Khartoum, Dar es Salaam, Dhaka and Lima are growing prodigiously despite the ruin of their import-substitution industries, the shrinking of their public sectors and the downward mobility of their middle classes. The global forces pushing people out of the countryside (mechanization in Java and India, food imports in Mexico, Haiti and Kenya, civil war and drought across Africa and, everywhere else, the concentration of small plots into large landholdings and competition from large-scale agribusiness) seem to sustain urbanization even as the attraction of the city is drastically tempered by debt and economic crisis

You thought it was a good idea to steal land from peasants and indigenous people and turn entire countries into large estates, and now you find yourself with megacities of millions of impoverished, lower class people, the very cities you want to nuke. Because that is what you have done through your scavenger investment funds: to create huge pockets of poverty. You've turned your world into a slum world

Rapid urban growth in a context of structural adjustment, currency devaluation structural adjustment, currency devaluation and public spending cuts have been an inevitable recipe for the mass production of hyper-degraded urban areas. These areas will never be nuked. They are so fragile that natural disasters, especially earthquakes and torrential rains, are foreseen for them. In any case, even if the direct impact of nuclear bombs does not reach them, the probability of post-attack survival is nil

There may be more than 250,000 hyperdegraded urban areas on Earth. The five major metropolises of South Asia alone (Karachi, Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Dhaka) contain about 15,000 distinct hyperdegraded urban areas, with a total population of more than 20 million. An even larger urban squalor population crowds the urbanizing coastline of West Africa, while other huge conurbations of poverty spread across Anatolia and the Ethiopian highlands, along the base of the Andes and Himalayas, or are located in critical areas such as Mexico, Johannesburg, Manila and São Paulo; and, of course, most cover the banks of the Amazon, Niger, Congo, Nile, Tigris, Ganges, Irrawaddy and Mekong rivers. For these cities, the simulation shows destruction rates of 99.78%

Lagos is but the largest node in the 70-million people slum corridor stretching from Abidjan to Ibadan. It is probably the largest uninterrupted footprint of urban poverty on earth

Two billion of hyper-degraded urban dwellers by 2030 or 2040 is a monstrous, almost incomprehensible prospect, but urban poverty overlaps and exceeds these areas per se. Designing a nuclear war whose end result would be to decrease the global population by only 2 billion people would clearly be a failure

Nuclear war, when sampling from an artificial normal distribution, results in an average human survival time of 60 years into the future starting from the present, before a civilization-ending disaster. While climate change results in an average human survival time of 193 years, the simulation based on impact from asteroids results in an average of 1754 years. Since the risks from asteroid impacts could be considered to reside mostly in the far future, it can be concluded that nuclear war, climate change, and pandemics are presently the most prominent threats to humanity

But the beauty of the nuclear option is that you solve, in one fell swoop, the problem of climate change and overpopulation. The downside is that it would take about 500 years for the environment to recover. The effects would be a significant surface darkening over many weeks, subfreezing land temperature persisting for up to several months, large perturbations in global circulation patterns, and dramatic changes in local weather and precipitation rates: a harsh nuclear winter in any season. Near-freezing summer temperatures for years could eliminate most of humanity's food production

SV06n has vehemently advocated its best option: the design and deployment of a Black Death-like pandemic, combined with the use of a geminovirus that would wipe out at least 72% of crops, but that option does not address climate change reversal. It is also unclear whether the final kill rate would be 84%, which is what has been estimated as necessary

Look, there are 195 countries in the world today. Nine of them are considered to be nuclear-weapon states. Life insurance against nuclear war is very simple. We are in a rhizomic world where the mycelia of greed are strongly interconnected. Except for Israel, all other nations are ruled by rich people who have interests and investments in every other nuclear state, ensuring that none of them want a nuclear war. This means that not even by accident could a nuclear war be started. It would require overthrowing the rich, or interfering in the decision-making system. In our opinion, the nuclear option is not viable unless we replace the rich with an artificial intelligence system. Only then could the programmed big reset of the planet be guaranteed. As long as the rich have the nuclear button in their possession they will not push it, and hyper-degraded cities will grow and grow, and inequality will continue

I know this is heresy and anathema for you, but nuclear war is the only way you have to get rid of slavery and global inequality. Only the great reset, a new rebirth, a fresh start, can free the billions of poor from the clutches of a greedy few hundred

All in all, SV17q advocacy for a nuclear war solution is based on the clearly positive effects of such an event. More specifically, SV17q cites the reduction of human impact on ecosystems, the so-called 'rewilding effect' which foresees the resurgence of biodiversity, as flora and fauna adapt to the new conditions, the fact that areas affected by nuclear war could experience a rapid transition from barren landscapes to diverse ecosystems, potentially leading to the establishment of new ecological communities, the beneficial cooling effects on the climate, the efficient carbon sequestration due to due to the collapse of industrial activities, the emergence of new species and increased biodiversity over time, the emergence of new species better adapted to the post-war environment, the removal of certain species, particularly humans, due to nuclear fallout that will alter predator-prey relationships, allowing for the resurgence of previously suppressed species, and the growth of new plant life. But SV17q idea of a reset for Sol-3 cannot be seen as a justification for nuclear conflict for just one reason: we know nuclear war already wiped out pre-Cambrian techno-civilizations, we know ecosystems recovered and that there was a so-called Cambrian life explosion, but we also know what happened later on when hominins appeared on Sol-3. If we do not want to repeat the mistakes of the Neogene period, we must ensure that the next intelligent species on Sol-3 has a radically different biology, if it should have one at all
