Through the training process, Laika was exposed to loud noises, placed in a centrifuge to expose her to high accelerations, confined to small boxes for 15-20 days at a time, which led to the deterioration of her normal bodily functions, chained in the cabin of the spacecraft, with limited ability to sit or lie down, and surgically implanted with sensors, electrocardiogram electrodes, and a piezoelectric blood-pressure sleeve

When you use animals in your test labs, when you send dogs to the outer space, what do we learn from it? We learn there are people among humans who are ready to use and sacrify animals in potentially dangerous experiments in order to protect humans from their consequences. That's the kind of beast humans are

The idea behind Neuralink is to create a brain-machine interface (BMI) that could restore both sensory and motor function in individuals with neurological disorders. The device utilizes threads, which are tiny electrodes that can be surgically implanted into the brain of an individual using a robot designed by the Neuralink team. A general assumption of poor endogenous restoration of both central and peripheral neurons, while understanding the physiology of why neurons work the way they do, provided motivation behind the creation of Neuralink

A direct neural interface raises potential concerns about a patient’s ability to fully maintain control of their own thoughts and actions and ultimately decision-making and cognitive processes. As these devices become more advanced, and AI-integrated, there is potential that technological algorithms will infuence decisions made by individuals and potentially diminish personal autonomy. AI inside a human brain would carry significantly more ethical challenges than ChatGPT already does

In the end, why did Neuralink use macaque monkeys in testing for the development of Bluetooth-enabled implantable chips? Why did Neuralink inserted those chips into the monkey’s brains? To just show us all that the monkeys can play Pong? And when Nuralink states that all novel medical devices and treatments must be tested in animals before they can be ethically trialed in humans, what about testing them ethically in monkeys? What makes them think monkeys are just tools that can be abused for humanity's sake? Monkeys abused by Neuralink had their brains mutilated in shoddy experiments and were left to suffer and die

The development of a biotechnology program to modify humans for long interstellar travel is, for obvious reasons, a delicate issue. In reality, all this talk about helping quadriplegics or developing a whole spectrum of technologies to facilitate long-term star travel, or permanent stays on Mars, is just that: excuses. The SEE program is aimed at genetic modification and the development of biotechnologies that will ensure the survival of humans after an extinction event, when our planet becomes hostile, the environment unviable for unmodified humans, and the purely organic nature of the human body is insufficient for survival

We know what's ahead; we know how the planet will look like by 2200, and because we know that, we know we need to develop technologies that can manage stress and fatigue through various mechanisms, such as neurostimulation, neuroregulation, and cognitive support. We know Earth will have changed in such a dramatic way as to make it difficult for humans to survive for extended periods without adequate protection. To overcome this, Project SEE encompasses a biotechnology program that focuses on developing nanoscale materials that can absorb and convert radiation, while simultaneously generating heat through advanced thermoelectric materials. It is our belief that by integrating these technologies into a wearable device, individuals could enjoy a higher level of protection against radiation and extreme cold. We don't care how many monkeys we need to kill to get there. Actually, there will be no monkeys in 2200

There is a biotechnology subprogram within SEE devoted to develop cutting-edge medical nanotechnology that can repair damaged tissues, stimulate growth, and even create new cells to replace damaged ones. If we have to continue mutilating cows in the Midwest for our tests, we will do so. No one denies the unpleasant and certainly unethical effects of these programs, but we have no time for ethics when it is precisely because of a lack of ethics that we have turned our own planet into a hell. Besides, cattle farmers have their share of the blame, so I don't think a couple of mutilated cows is a big deal

Humans are inherently social creatures, and the isolation of space travel can take a toll on both individual and collective mental health. To address this, we're developing advanced psychological support systems, including neural interfaces that can provide emotional support, social interaction, and mental stimulation to astronauts. Earth will be uninhabitable in the near future, and we have the option of traveling to Mars, or staying here. In both cases we will find a very similar environment, so whatever decision is made these technologies will be crucial. It is also essential to develop a program that can effectively slow down time within the human body. One potential solution lies in the use of nanotechnology, which can manipulate the molecular structure of living tissues to achieve the desired effect

When you look at the Curiosity rover, you see just a terrestrial Mars exploration vehicle. Were you to fit that rover with a fully human AI, what you would be looking at would be exactly a human from the future. That is what we humans will become if we are to have even the slightest chance of surviving as a species here, or on Mars
