We used a new AI system to cross-reference the genomic data from test subjects with various databases, and we found some strange patterns emerging. A certain sequence of DNA, which the team initially dismissed as insignificant, appeared to be present in every single test subject, regardless of their ethnicity or background. The sequence, tentatively named
Sequence X,
was not present in any of the reference genomes used by the team

That the sequence seems to have been deliberately engineered out of the reference genomes is due to an artifact in the analysis algorithm. The sequence is indeed a novel sequence, one that seems to be self-replicating and capable of integrating itself into other segments of DNA, but we now think it is a retrovirus, a type of virus that could integrate itself into the host genome and propagate itself through the generations

It is not difficult to accept that Sequence X is not a natural occurrence, but rather the product of a biological engineering project. We've seen this before, and COVID virus is a good example. But the idea that there are dark actors behind this retrovirus is just fantasy. There is no 'Eugenics Consortium' company I'm aware of, and though it is true most bioengineering companies are funded by a wealthy and influential group of individuals who believes that humanity is on the precipice of a decline, and that drastic measures are necessary to ensure the survival and ascendancy of their chosen elite, one thing is your beliefs, and quite another what is technologically possible

Palmyra Atoll is among the most isolated atoll ecosystems in the world. Though it is one of the remotest places on earth, it is clearly not the best place to hide nuclear spent power reactor fuel rods, but it makes an excellent place to perform edge bioengineering experiments

There are two hazardous unexploded ordnance areas closed to entry in Palmyra Atoll. It is a non-permanent inhabited atoll that makes an ideal site for scientific research, and its 15,000 acres of near-pristine coral reefs provides a healthy baseline against which to measure human-related impacts. In 1962, Palmyra served as a monitoring site and weather station for 31 atmospheric nuclear tests. The statement that we are illegaly storing nuclear spent power reactor fuel rods at Palmyra Atoll is simply false

There is something wrong with Palmyra Atoll. We know that the radioactive exposure in Bikini Atoll has prompted genetic changes across various non-human species. For instance, in-depth DNA analysis of local fish populations has unearthed a prevalence of mutations, but finding those mutations in non-migratory endemic specimens from Palmyra Atoll is something that needs be explained

The alteration of the genetic makeup of Bikini Atoll’s fauna has displayed a complex web of resilience and adaptation. Coconut crabs, known for their size and strength, show signs of genetic adaptation enabling them to cope in a mutated ecosystem. Similarly, populations of pigs and goats introduced by Bikini people have also been subjects of interest, examining how terrestrial animals weather the post-nuclear conditions. But what happens in Bikini Atoll has a clear explanation, while the findings in Palmyra Atoll are totally unexpected

Excuse me, but what evidence is there that radioactive waste has been buried in the two restricted areas of Palmyra Atoll? There is none. If you have proof, go to the judges. Otherwise, your whole argument is nothing but a conspiracy theory. There is no operation called 'Silent Depths' to bury radioactive waste in the uninhabited Palmyra Atoll. That would be a stupid idea, by the way. The only truth is that there is a restricted area, Area 5, comprising 189.57 square miles, a military explosives dumping ground far offshore

... and the research team conducted a targeted survey of 25 elements in soils and sediment at locations known or suspected to be contaminated, using a hand-held X-ray fluorescence spectrometer. At dozens of locations, concentrations of elements exceeded established soil and marine sediment thresholds for adverse ecological effects

During Operation HARDTACK 1 the United States fired as many nuclear devices (35) as had been fired in all prior Pacific Ocean tests. Not only was the total number of shots in HARDTACK large, but the variety of types was great: land and water-surface events, underwater detonations, and balloon and rocket-borne high-altitude tests were conducted. For the other tests you mention, Sandia provided assorted services through Program 34, mostly to elements of TG 7.1, including diagnostic telemetry for many shots, the nuclear devices and various supporting systems for YUCCA, UMBRELLA, and WAHOO, microbarographic measurements of blast waves on most shots, measurements of radiation effects on nuclear weapon components, and measurement of radiation during the QUINCE and FIG shots. To my knowledge, there was no instrumentation at all at the Palmyra Atoll

Determining if a mutation is beneficial based only on its sequence is not possible. A beneficial mutation is the one that provides positive traits, such as improved fitness, to the organism possessing it. While less frequent in nature, beneficial mutations often spread more rapidly through the population compared to random mutations, possibly due to natural selection. The idea of forcing climate-resilence mutations in the future human genome to confer to it the ability to increase survival, reproductive capacity, and competitive advantage in future landscapes is a spinoff from Project SEE. It is accepted that irradiation markedly alters the frequency and spectrum of de novo mutations. The frequency of de novo copy number variants (CNVs) and insertion/deletion events (indels) is significantly elevated in offspring of exposed fathers

If we assume the climate change is now unstoppable, it seems logical to force some beneficial human mutations that enhance the body's ability to regulate temperature and withstand extreme heat, or that allow for better water retention or more efficient use of water, enhance lung capacity or improve the ability to filter out pollutants. From what future landscapes models predict, there will be a food sources shift due to climate change, and therefore mutations that allow for better digestion of alternative food sources or increased nutrient absorption could be advantageous. But evolution is a slow process. Radiogenetics is just a shortcut that may or may not work. It has worked in the Palmyra Atoll only by chance, while in the Bikini islands the only thing it has produced has been deformed and unviable beings

That a group of researchers has discovered strange mutations in the birds and fish of the atoll, and that the source of those mutations turned out to be an illegal government repository of radioactive waste, leaves you with only two options: to silence those researchers, or to expose yourself to the opprobrium of acknowledging that you have been illegally storing nuclear waste in an ecological reserve. The third option, blaming the 1950s testing at Bikini for those mutations is simply untenable

The Committee, after considering eight alternative extensions, concluded that the most feasible was to employ two DENIED airships operating on a route from Palmyra Island to Johnson Island to Point Nemo and return to Palmyra, then south about 1,000 miles and return to Palmyra. On DENIED, the Joint Chiefs of Staff forwarded this study to DENIED and DENIED, requesting the two commanders to submit recommendations on the subject
