There are no contingent citizens, but contingent corporations. If despite calls from German policymakers and the EU to reduce dependence on China, German companies continue to set record levels of investment in the country, then who is contingent? BASF, Volkswagen, Bosch, BMW, and SAP are all cutting jobs at home while expanding in China, and Tesla has a significant presence in China, exemplified by its Gigafactory in Shanghai, so, really, I wouldn't care about contingent citizens; I'd care about contingent corporations

If we don't buy non-sustainable products, why then relying on AI systems which are created thanks to the work of data labelers and AI workers in countries of the Global South who do work for companies like Facebook, Scale AI, Meta, Google, Microsoft, and OpenAI, under slavery conditions? Today, the AI supply chain is unethical

Each human's behavior is embedded in his or her relationships with other humans. Emotions are above all social phenomena. They are the basis of social interaction, they are the products of social interaction, their origins, and their currency. Humans are embedded in a web of relationships with other humans from their conception to their death and, thus, most human behavior takes place in the context of interpersonal relationships. Relationships constitute the single most important factor responsible for the survival of Homo sapiens. Humans possess a fundamental need to belong

Homo sapiens is an extraordinarily tough animal to have survived on planet Earth for as long as it has. Their ancestors survived, and they survive today, only with the aid of other humans

We want free online experiences so badly that we are happy to not be paid for information that comes from us now or ever. That sensibility also implies that the more dominant information becomes in our economy, the less most of us will be worth

Capitalism faces the paradox of ethnostates and multicultural cities, which is a reflection of the ongoing struggle to balance the desire for cultural homogeneity with the reality of cultural diversity and complexity. The paradox of ethnostates and multicultural cities refers to the seemingly contradictory relationship between the desire for homogeneous ethnostates and the reality of multicultural cities. The demographic crisis, and the sacred concept of free movement of persons and goods, makes populist and far-right parties to constantly fall in the contradiction of promoting an ethnostate, yet requiring immigrants for that state to operate

A fascist is a deranged person with a complete lack of any sense that the poor or the weak might have the slightest intrinsic value

Ultra-nationalism proclaims the superiority of one’s own racial constituency, and white victimhood in the face of continued immigration. According to white supremacist discourse only the white people (variously defined) should hold the reins of sovereignty. The Far Right encourages sentimental attachment to the imagined nation of traditional working people who have been betrayed by uncaring elite leadership. Yet there they are: voting for rich individuals instead of voting for one of their kind. Palingenetic ultra-nationalism proposes that a rebirthed ultra-nationalist regime, forged in conflict, will prioritize youth, heroism, and national greatness. That represents both a promise and a vigilante adventure for angry young people seeking answers. The endgame is a white ethnostate

The cult of personality is the result of fascism, not its cause. Culturally, it often manifests itself in a co-optation of symbols and language

What about the multiculturality in a brothel? There you can find all kind of women, African, Asian, Bielorussian, Latin women, all of them. How can you accuse us of being an ethnostate? Have you seen the city's morgue? The state prisons? They are full of criminals from every corner of the world. Isn't that multiraciality? But if you dislike brothels, jails, and morgues, you can always go to the municipal cemetery. There are dead of all races there

We forsaw that our agenda to advance a global new order would make people feel the panic resulting from a loss of identity; in order for the people to overcome that feeling we provided them with social media to seek their identity by continuous approval and recognition by others. Now they are happy, they are members of whatever ridicule flock they choose to belong to; and as long as those flocks quarrel against each other, we rule

Everyone here is multipolar, and we all have multiple personalities. You may practically say that we have as many different social selves as there are distinct groups of persons about whose opinion we care. We always show a different side of ourselves to each of these groups. The key to rule is to understand that a citizen is just any individual who daringly attempts to fuse his or herself with something outside of the self that will restore the original strength that is lacking
