The team was monitoring a freight train that departed from the Chinese city of Lanzhou bound for the Uzbek capital Tashkent. The train comprised 32 containers, 30 of which were carrying solar panels worth $2.5 million as part of a collaborative effort involving China’s Zhejiang Union of Railway Logistics, Uzbekistan’s Temir Yollari (Uzbek Railways) and Kyrgyzstan’s Temir Zholu (Kyrgyz Railways). We were interested in the last two containers as, according to DENIED, they contained extremely sensible equipment. The train left China on June 9 and took 175 days to complete the journey. When it arrived in Tashkent, it did with 30 containers. The other two containers were detached from the train at DENIED, where they were transported to Shahrtuz, in Tajikistan

DENIED is an advanced observation station, allegedly for climate and environmental monitoring, near the Tajik-Afghan border south of the Tajik city of Shahrtuz in the southeastern Khatlon region

According to DENIED, the facility has a dual purpose. It is mainly used to to keep an eye on Islamic militants operating in Afghanistan. The Shahrtuz facility is part a network of monitoring stations developed by China’s Lanzhou University. Neither the hardware and sensors in the two containers are used for environmental monitoring or ElInt activities. They are used for DENIED activities

We intercepted emails and phone calls from proffesor Xuanlong Ma, responsible for the Ecological Remote Sensing Lab (ERSL) at Lanzhou University. Though officially ERSL focuses on developing innovative approaches for monitoring global ecological dynamics using satellite observations, in reality Lanzhou University is a main actor of China’s defense industry, and it is the coordination center of the Chinese military remote sensing network. Its stations are the ones receiving data gathered by the military airbone ISR platforms (balloons, UAVs, and sats). The station in southwestern Tajikistan is located near the meeting point of the country's borders with Afghanistan and Uzbekistan. It is part of a growing constellation of stations in countries along Beijing’s Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) that are run by or partnered with Lanzhou University

Stations like those in Shahrtuz rely on weather satellites and ISR platforms similar in nature to the object that recently run errant across the United States. We were not interested in those platforms. The DART team already recovered two of them and we know them thoroughly. What we were interesed in is the data they accidentally sensed on the non-terrestrial intelligent objects on DENIED 2023. As per the treaty on non-terrestrial threats, the Chinese are bound to share whatever relevant data they, and any other country, gather about those objects. But they kept the data on the DENIED incident for them

The LiDAR network begins in the northwestern Chinese city of Lanzhou and extends across Xinjiang Province to Pakistan, Tajikistan, Iran, Israel, and Algeria, consisting of more than 20 stations. Data is first processed by SV17q before being disseminated to relevant authorized terrestrial partners

Israel supplies 60 percent of Azerbaijan’s imports of defense systems, so we are used to recover Israeli-made UAVs debris in that area. And though Azerbaijan has demonstrated an innovative use of Israeli arms and was able to integrate and deploy the capabilities of Turkish-made Bayraktar TB2 and Israeli Orbiter-1K unmanned aerial vehicles together, the debris found at DENIED crash site was of a totally different nature

That area is clearly an area of denial. None can fly over the area. Radars do not operate correctly there, comms does not function, no SigInt, ElInt, or CommInt activities can be run. See, more than one-third of the 972km-long state boundary between Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan remains to be demarcated. The crash site at DENIED is key to advance our knowledge about non-terrestrial vehicles. But it is a highly unaccessible area. Only SV1q ventures into the area

The DART team found access into the mountains consistently blocked by obstacles in the two deep-sided valleys and reported that most glaciers in the area are not passable. The valley bottoms lie at circa 2500m whilst the principal summits are over 5000m. Access through the valleys is frequently blocked by steep unstable mud slopes. Glaciers are either too steep and crevassed to navigate with any degree of safety or have receded to leave behind gorges with sheer rock walls. The entire area offers no climbing possibilities. Sometimes I think the non-terrestrial vehicle deliberately manouvered to crash at that site

I have already told you that area is a no-go zone for any satellite, aircraft, helicopter, drone, or observation balloon. None of our platforms operate there. We urgently scrambled two PSVs from Islamabad. The first one was paralyzed in the skies over the city as soon as it took off. The second one was lost 4 km from the crash site. We sent a DART team to try to access the crash site, but it is impossible to access it without air support. Three days later an unidentified object was seen flying in the direction of the area. You can imagine what its mission was. Going there now is useless. When these people clean up an area they do it thoroughly
