The general understanding that the revelation of the existence of extraterrestrial intelligence will have a dramatic impact on the population is clearly an exaggeration. Sure there will be some predictable impact on specific belief systems, but we have means to effciently minimize the consequences on the overal socioeconomic framework in which we operate and that sustains our day-to-day operations

We propose to manage disclosure from a purely information-theoretic perspective. In this sense, we analyze what strategies will help to maximize our long-term growth rate while minimizing disruption of the flow of goods and information that form the backbone of our world. The model consistently shows that the post-disclosure reality of an extraterrestrial presence won't differ much from the pre-disclosure reality, and that no profit or geostrategic advantage will be obtained, except parhaps for using the ETI existence as an excuse to reinforce the current geopolitical situation

There are two distinct scenarios here. One thing is disclosing the existence of ETI, and quite another entering into a contact situation. In our view, it is advisable to disclose the existence of ETI around 2050, once the planned wars against China be fought. While in 1945 we used the decisive weapon once reasonably tested, the current situation differs in that our new decisive weapon will be ready someday around 2050-2070. According to our current SUDA doctrine, that's a war we need to win. After that, you can go on with your ETIs and UFOs. But not before

 to whom we could entrust the announcement. In this sense, we do not see any difference between soft or hard disclosure

We consider that the overstimulation of the population has reached an optimum and that we have finally succeeded in creating the necessary shared code among the population in order to interpret the transmitted information, therefore we can improve our predictions about how the world will proceed up to 25 years after disclosure

There is only one possible scenario: that one in which the ETI does not manifest itself. Under this scenario, we can present the information about their existence according to the shared code; we need to show unambiguous evidence of their existence, and we need to explain how that evidence was obtained. Furthermore, we need to clearly depict what methodology was applied to reach a consensus about the validity of the evidence, and we need to contextualize this evidence and the consequences as per our goals of minimizing any damage to our current worldview

each cultural group has its own convention for integrating the different aspects about the information being disclosed and these conventions are highly varied; however, we consider the shared code sufficiently robust as to cope with this issue as we designed a code where the mapping between the information being disclosed and the local belief systems can be understood as universal among the different cultures and populations on Sol-3

according to our models, disclosing the extraterrestrial reality will have no real impact on the current prevailing world view of key decision makers; the impact on worldwide economy is estimated as a mere 0.14-0.15% contraction in worldwide trading; the recognition of ETI existence is not considered essential information, and even a full disclosure will be considered by the population either as suspicious or partial. In any case, we are confident disclosure won't be that transcendent moment in human history some people suggest, nor will its implications mean a threat to the current geostrategic status quo. There never were any transcendent moments in the history of humans we are aware of

, and the ETI should automatically be classified as hostile

... by uniformly and constantly conditioning the population to accept the existence of ETI (KIC 8462852, fast radio bursts that seem to be modulated, recognition of key staged events as extraterrestrial in origin, using movies and mainstream media, etc.), followed by a carefully designed debunking strategy in order to minimize the information overload. Overstimulation is key to reach the needed level of desensitization in order to minimize disclosure's impact. This is just the methodology currently in force to prepare the population for the war against China

Getting Told and Being Believed

Selectively Altering Belief Formation in the Human Brain
