Clearly, something happens to the subject once it approaches DENIED, as if the individual is guided by electronic feedback signals into holotropic states. But the detectors detect nothing, other than white noise and sporadic RF peaks

We understand how it works, but we cannot replicate it. To all effects, the machine is inducing trance-like states without the use of chemicals. The subjects talk about feeling a tremendous rush of energy filling their heads, and they do report what they call 'a punishing roar'. The dissolution of the ego is so devastating, so complete, that the subjects have no words to describe anything they have experienced once we recover them

 got devoid of any meaning. I'm sure that's what death feels like. During the event, there was no coherent thought, just pure and terrible sensation, the devolution of everything into the nothingness of pure force. I'm not sure I died, but certainly I wasn't alive. I even wasn't, no traces of me, no I

Discovering a new unknown neurotransmitter was totally unexpected. If much about serotonin still remains a mystery, you can imagine our knowledge about NT-位 is even less. Contrary to serotonin, which binds with a dozen or so different receptors, found not only across many parts of the brain but throughout the body, with a substantial representation in the digestive tract, NT-位 only binds to one specific receptor within the brain. It does for a short time, yet time enough to cause the dissolution of the ego and the collapse of any distinction between subject and object

NT-位 is released when the subject is exposed to the DENIED object. This is the first time we meet an unknown neurotransmitter whose release by the brain is solely electromagnetically mediated. The discovery that any subject so exposed turns into a remote viewer is fascinating because we now don't need to look for subjects with special mental abilities: DENIED turns anyone into a remote viewer

The idea that psychedelic drugs might shed some light on the problems of consciousness makes full sense. We have today a complete arsenal of military psychedelic drugs powerful enough to disrupt the system we call normal waking consciousness in ways that may force some of its fundamental properties into view. Now, if we could somehow modulate the effects of NT-位 to keep the subject awake and able to report on what he or she is experiencing in real time then we would have succeeded in communicating with Giselians, though we first need to design a new verbal language in order to communicate with the subjects going through the experience. Otherwise we would not be able to understand what they see. So yes, we have a potential way to communicate with Giselians, but the this is at the cost of using human subjects with whom we cannot communicate during the event

if we are extensions of our former lives, we clearly are not the summation of all the experiences that they have contained. The purpose that the Oversoul has for incarnating is to collect specific experiences. A full involvement in a particular life requires severing the connection with the Oversoul and assuming discrete personal identity. At the time of death, the separate individual dissolves in the Oversoul, leaving only a mosaic of unassimilated difficult experiences. These then become assigned to the life of other incarnated beings in a process that can be compared to dealing a handful of cards in a card game
