undermining mathematical formulas, in particular elliptic functions used in widely deployed encryption systems, is a key activity for us; we were manually crafting elliptic curves that look random, and encouraging the industry to make use of them in their belief they were random. That way we could decrypt whatever message we were interested in; however, after the Yulara event, we were given a gift by DENIED asking us to test it in the analysis and decryption of RSA-encrypted messages; to all effects, the gift acted as a neural network, assigning a pixel values to chunks of RSA-encrypted message and, after a while, an image appeared in the screen. Looked random to us, but then the 'gift' started its pattern recognition analysis on that image to finally decrypt the message. We got speechless


Carnivorous
is the project under which massive encrypted data is collected. We call data 'flesh'. So, one group generates massive amounts of encrypted data, feeds Carnivorous, and then we train the neural network, which is further used by a second group to fine tune the decryption process. The algorithm is based on Ivanenko polynomial maps for pattern recognition and works on the visual representation of the elliptic function-based RSA-encrypted flesh

Yes, safe encryption is a myth, the very moment you need to write down in plain text what you wish to encrypt you are lost. A system that encrypts plain data is a bad system, anyway. Always was. Suffices to steal the data before any encryption is performed, and that's what we do most of the time. Quantum encryption won't solve that problem either, you know. What we really need is a brain that generates encrypted data from scratch, because nodody has figured out how to read a brain. Yet

We found the guy in January 2015; we couldn't determine the cause of death because the body’s breakdown process took too much of a toll to offer any forensic evidence. We found no signs of a break-in. Officially, the guy worked for the Department of Veterans Affairs as a computer programmer, though in reality he was our man for the Carnivorous project there. See, a deep knowledge of maths comes with a price: schizophrenia and dementia. Think of Nash, think of Gödel. It is as if someone or something is dictating you the maths

The private key? The private key in this cryptosystem is a specific genetic polymorphism sequence that only the person who receives the message bears in his DNA, that is, he and only he can decode the message. Actually, it is more complicated. The private key is the sequence that remains after the genetic sample from the receiver has been exposed to UV radiation of a wavelength unknown to you for a period of time unknown to you, thus even if you obtain a sample of DNA from that person you still need to figure out a lot of parameters
