The classification of stellar civilizations as per the Kardashev scale  is solely based on the use of energy by such civilizations. From the  point of view of information theory, stellar civilizations are  classified as those civilizations of type Data (D-civilization), those  of type Information (I-civilization), those of type Knowledge  (K-civilization), and that of type Experience (E-civilization).  D-civilization (say, Sol-3) is used by I-civilization to generate  information, while I-civilization is exploited by K-civilization to  generate knowledge, which is finally used by an E-civilization to design  and build universes

I-civilization controls D-civilization by feeding it with perceptions  and memories by stimulating it in order for the D-civilization to  perceive a fictitious world. From time to time, I-civilization's probes  visit the host planets in which D-civilizations dwell. D-civilizations  wonder whether they are inhabiting a simulated reality, designed to  emulate true reality, but they ignore how to answer this question. On  the other hand, I-civilizations need data to get the information related  to whether the world they live in is a simulation or not.  K-civilizations process the information generated by I-civilizations in  order to get the certainty they do live in a simulated reality. Once  they conclude they do live in a simulation, they wonder how they could  escape the simulation, a knowledge that is only attainable by the  E-civilization. Therefore, all those civilizations need each other. The  game is called 'Let's escape the Great Simulation'

The only thing a D-civilization can truly be sure of is the reality of  its own subjective experiences at that stage. Everything else is  questionable, even the existence of other intelligent beings in the  Universe. It is a must for an I-civilization to never reveal its  existence to a D-civilization, for that would destroy the data it  requires to get information. A bit must never be aware of the existence  of a data structure, much as a data structure must never be aware of the  algorithm that operates on it. Additionally, an algorithm must never be  aware it is part of a program, much as a program must never know about  the existence of a programmer

Nevertheless, assuming that the universe is finite and therefore the resources of potential simulators are finite, then a volume containing a simulation will be finite and a lattice spacing must be non-zero, and therefore in principle there always remains the possibility for the simulated to discover the simulators

beacons and repeaters are key elements of the final experiment aimed at  determining the initial conditions which in turn determine how the  simulation evolves in time; this means setting the initial conditions  with almost infinite accuracy in the real world. The main idea is that  non-linearity is also programmed, simulated, and hence there must be a  way to map it. Escaping the hologram requires a coordination between the  many agents interacting with each other within the system

letting the algorithm run new knowledge is generated and the design of  algorithms and the existence of algorithmic solutions become relevant;  you will learn that the structure and complexity of each agent can be  ignored when one focuses on their interactional structure. Simplicity is  the fuel for complexity. That's how the simulation works

A K-civilization is the one that discovers that there exists a still  undetected fundamental force in the universe which drives it to ever  higher levels of information processing and hence ever more complexity.  They gained the knowledge that the physical universe is the  manifestation of a template universe outside of existence

A D-civilization has an acute lack of collective intelligence, does not  understand the relationship between its own consciousness and physical  reality; but such a civilization plays a crucial role in the persistence  of structure: it excels in conceptual engineering. A D-civilization  transitions towards an I-civilization the very moment it abandons the  distinction between information and reality

Deep within the structure of reality, consciousness is found. That is the reason persistence of structure  is so fundamental for any civilization. At the heart of reality, an E-civilization finds a computational engine  which needs to be fed with information. That's why a K-civilization, an I-civilization, and a D-civilization are  always needed. Escaping the hologram is a collective endeavour
