Studying dreams is like studying birds. Years of research has produced an inventory of recognized dreams. There are common dreams and there are rare dreams, and undoubtedly there are dreams which have yet to be discovered. It would be absurd to approach oneirology with a list of the twenty-five most common dreams and force every dream encountered into one of these categories. It would be equally absurd to ignore the existing dreams we have classified and start anew with each dream encountered. The balanced strategy is to expect dreams to fall into one of the many categories already identified, but to allow for the possibility that new dreams will be discovered. Once we can generate synthetic dreams, we  will be in a position to inject those dreams into the subject's consciousness

Experimental evidence shows a cognitive basis for stereotype formation. We find that information that is inconsistent with a stereotype is more difficult to recall than information that is consistent with the stereotype. This is the reason why people tend to seek information that confirms stereotypes  rather than information that disconfirms them. Dreams operate in a different way and that's why  generating synthetic dreams is key in the strategy to turn dreams into a commodity. Sextech  is so far the only field in which we have been able to create a common framework: sexual  fantasies are all the same all over the world

for human societies to achieve a level of existence beyond survival and heading for success,  it is indispensable to have dedicated groups of individuals, who are able to produce ideas  and images that can be converted to alternative or new options for the repertoire of culture  by which the life of societies is shaped and organized

The evil of killing at a distance is that it makes death unreal. The evil of turning reality into  a dream is that it makes reality unreal. The internet-of-things is meant for that: to turn reality into  a commodity you can buy anytime, anywhere

Abolition of the image is one of the primary conditions of ecocide. Everything must be rendered abstract, invisible, unreal. No image can be allowed to trouble our sleep, to lacerate our soul. For then we might begin to know that there is indeed an evil far worse than shooting children in schoolyards or flying airplanes into buildings

It is true that destructiveness must be given a full, unchecked expression and the psyche must somehow survive that act. We do it incrementally; first, we condition  the population into believing a pandemia can destroy civilization, we set fire to forests  to show them they are not safe at home, we constantly remind them of how easy is for  an asteroid to impact Earth... I mean, we get the population ready to accept the idea that  entire worlds can be destroyed with the blink of an eye. All of it is required if we are to  destroy entire worlds in the future. See, some of those exoplanets are evil and we have no  experience at all in how to destroy wntire worlds. Our only experience reduces  to destroying entire cities. That won't be enough in a near future

This is the only war: the war between those who wish to turn everything into a commodity,  and those who strive to show humans they are spiritual beings. It is the war between those  who promote the Internet-of-Things and those who believe in the Internet-of-Souls. It is  the war between those who want you to be a mere physical object, and those of us who  wish you to never forget you are an spiritual being. A cruel war between those who want  to stay, and those who want to be. They want you all to be digitalized and processed, while we wish you to be dreamers. Learn this, and learn it quickly. You've no time left
