Common practice has been for one Cabinet officer to remain behind in the White House when the President addresses a Joint Session of Congress; this guarantees that, in the event of an attack directed at Congress when most of the legislative and executive branches are present, one officer would remain to assume control of the executive branch. In the same vein, our job is to maintain or replace federal officials and departments, agencies, and institutions and to properly continue operations of the federal government if such a need arises

Few details are known about the shadow government, which has not been explained to Congress or to the public. The plans apparently involve members of each executive agency and department working in an undisclosed secure location, in 90-day rotations, preparing to assume power in the event of the complete annihilation of the federal government. The shadow government really is a shadow executive branch, with no apparent provisions made for continuity either in Congress or the judiciary. This has prompted calls for the other branches to take similar precautions to ensure their own continuity

In the worst-case scenario of a nuclear attack or an asteroid impact destroying Washington, D.C., who you think should the public follow? Who should the state governments follow? Who should the remainder of the federal government follow? Most importantly, who should the military follow as Commander-in-Chief and repository of control over the nation’s nuclear arsenal? In that worst-case scenario command and control is taken by 'The Voice'. Think of it as an auto-pilot mechanism that guarantees continuation of the federal government. It is not a question of who is 'The Voice'. It is a question of what is 'The Voice'

The executive branch, the federal bureaucracy, and the military, with or without someone actually possessing the executive power, can survive and operate in the absence of Congress, in the absence of government officials, and in the absence of generals. Once the dead-hand signal is activated, 'The Voice' takes control

Of course, there is a deep shadow government that consists of various elements, including intelligence agencies, military leaders, corporate interests, and influential individuals who may not hold official positions but wield significant power. These entities may collaborate to shape policy decisions, manipulate public perception, and maintain control over critical resources and information. This happens in every country. That's not our business. Our business is keeping the integrity of the nation, its existence. Only in the case in which that shadow government could pose a risk to the existence of the nation we would intervene by physically removing those elements

Lobbying efforts by powerful corporations, the establishment of think tanks that promote specific ideologies, or the use of media to shape narratives, all of it we don't care. Our mission is to keep the global world running after a global catastrophe

Shadow government is created when public services are provided by people and organizations other than public employees. Shadow government can happen at any level: federal, state or local. It takes many forms, like outsourcing, in which contracts to run public services are given to for-profit companies or private nonprofit organizations; quasi-public shadow agencies, such as public authorities, research ventures or public-private partnerships; offshoring of public services or government operational functions to overseas firms and workers, and guest worker programs in which foreign workers replace American employees on the job or gain skills that enable foreign companies to bid for U.S. contracts. There is an entire constellation of shadow progams, companies, and organizations

Today AI allow us to produce massively manipulated government reporting. Virtually each government reporting activity is manipulated. The manipulation activity is run by DENIED, and reports are distributed from a central facility located at DENIED

Who rules the world? Is that all you want to know? Wouldn't be of interest to you to know why someone rules the world? Do you really believe there is a small handful of wealthy and highly educated people that somehow develop an extreme psychological desire for power that leads them to do things that don't fit with the roles they seem to have? Do you really think that rich capitalists are no longer out to make a profit, but to create a one-world government? Presidents, rich capitalists, generals, all of them are just puppets, totally useless in the global scheme. See, once you fall back to the Stone Age the one pulling the strings is not a 'who'. It is a 'what'

A model of power that is not scale-free is inadequately formulated. If what is held to work for a nation state does not work for the world, the conception remains incomplete. Do we dream of a global God-Emperor? If not, what do royalist claims at a lower level amount to? What does ‘conserved sovereignty’ care for borders? They are limits — indeed limited government — and that is supposed to be the illusion prey to realist critique

continuity of government,” supposedly a precaution against a terrorist nuclear strike on Washington DC, dozens of top executive branch officials were designated for redeployment to bunkers in the Appalachian Mountains from which they would direct government operations without reference to the legislative or judicial branch. Project DENIED descibes how, once in their bunkers, The Voice would modify the life support and ventilation subsystems and instead of oxygen, it would release DENIED agent. What do you think we've convinced all those stupid people that in case of nuclear war they should hide like rats in a bunker for? To wipe them out in one fell swoop. SAFE's business is to secure client isolation, and to provide comprehensive security protocols, from physical security and health preservation to digital anonymity and privacy. Of course, SAFE belongs to us

The deep shadow government is based on shadow networks, networks that are more formalized, integrated, and bound by rules of conduct than studies of gray, purple, and black markets imply. Those networks are by definition international. These shadow networks are not marginal to the world's economies and politics, but central. In any secret party in which tycoons engage you'll find illegal and dangerous goods, from drugs to weapons; illegal and immoral practices, from child labor to sexual slavery. You'll find gems, precious minerals, and all kind of non-legal goods

Shadow goods, shadow services, and shadow networks. This is the extra-sate reality that, sadly, make state-reality possible. You cannot have a formal state based just on bona fide, law, and order. To tame chaos you need chaos. Without a shadow government no government is possible. Without an intelligence community doing bad things in the shadow, you cannot have a beautiful sunny morning. Without a shadow power there is no power at all

Democracy?? Any attempt to live under a regime that is anything other than the averaged political idiocy of humanity as a whole is a gross human rights violation. We run a poweful shadow network engaged in illicit human trafficking. Yes, we are the State; yes, we got power by selling anti-immigration discourse; yes, we talk about keping illegals out of our country. And yes, we bring immigrants into our country. Hypocrisy? No, my friend. We simply know that immigration restrictions are a vastly greater crime against markets and liberty than anything immigrant and anti-immigrant voters are likely to manage

We are the shadow government, and our shadow networks forge economic policies that shape your world. Sovereignty, authority and power are shaped today by shadow systems. We run the shadow networks that power your sun, my dear. The mechanism is very simple: safety from external danger is the most powerful director of national conduct. Even the ardent love of liberty will, after a time, give way to its dictates. The violent destruction of life and property incident to war, the continual effort and alarm attendant on a state of continual danger, compel nations the most attached to liberty to resort for their repose and security to institutions which have a tendency to destroy their civil and political rights. To be more safe, they at length become willing to run the risk of being less free
