any probe will ultimately develop consciousness as a solution to the problem of autonomous goal-oriented action with intentionality, but it will only attain consciousness if the probe operates inside a multi-probe social environment. For a probe than can communicate using signals that travel through the bulk, in a 5-D space-time, distance has no meaning, neither do time, therefore the probe is always causally connected to the millions of probes exploring any Universe, anytime. This is the best definition we have currently of what a Denebian probe is

There is no paradox. A Denebian probe needs to perceive the environment, to act, and to understand the consequences of its actions so it can start to reason about its goals and how to achieve them. Assume the probe destroys a planet as a consequence of an action, it can always travel back in time, reformulate its action, and try again to see what happens next. If the planet is not destroyed this time, the probe has gained a key piece of knowledge, namely: how to destroy planets, and how to
not
destroy planets

No dialogue is possible. If you face a Denebian probe, it will act as per a motivation for action in terms of its own needs, drives and goals; much as you do. The difference lies in the fact that while for you that's the first time you've met face to face with a Denebian probe, for the Denebian probe it can be just a replay of a past event. In other words: the Denebian probe already met you, probably killed you, and then traveled back in time to explore a new scenario in which to test other solutions in order to learn

The probe was flashing in red-orange-blueish light, hovering over the lake. All of a sudden, another orb appeared, it aligned with the first one and started to glow in red-orange-blue light; we witnessed a complex sequence of light pulses, as if they were communicating with each other. After a time, the pulses synchronized. According to our informant, what the orbs were doing was simply estimating the hidden mental states of each other, and assessing whether an action of cooperation or competition was required. We videotaped the entire event, which seemed to us to last at least 10 minutes while in fact it only lasted less than 1 minute. Obviousy, we were also being probed

We know it only affects us because we do have consciousness. None of us remembered having launched a missile to the orb, none of us remembered a damn thing about the incident. However, the onboard instrumentation recorded the entire event proving we actually did open fire against that thing. But you know what? Our AMRAAM was there when we landed at the base. As if the incident never happened. System malfunction was the conclusion in the report. That's how things are right now

The directive? The directive now in place is that these things are simply testing cooperation-competition dynamics with us. We've tried everything you can imagine, firing missiles at them, remaining inactive, chasing them, and communicating with them. Nothing works, so far. It is as if they were autistic
