Even in the case global greenhouse gas emissions could be significantly reduced through the widespread adoption of renewable energy sources, such as solar and wind power, by the beginning of the 23rd century we expect a series of climate-related events to unfold, which will lead to a prolonged period of cooling. Under those circumstances your renewable energy sources would be totally useless

The reduced solar radiation will significantly decrease the amount of energy that can be harnessed from the sun, making solar panels ineffective. The slower jet stream and changes in atmospheric circulation patterns will inevitably disrupt wind patterns, making it increasingly challenging to generate any useful consistent and reliable electricity from wind turbines. Droughts and changed precipitation patterns will dramatically affect the availability of water for hydroelectric power plants, reducing their already low capacity factor. The cooling trend will also alter vegetation growth rates and distributions, making it harder to sustainably produce biofuels

The 'Project Extinction' begins in the year 2050. It comprises a well-planned series of carefully designed events that will lead to a catastrophic escalation in global tensions and armed conflict. These events include the usual algorithmics to create severe political instability and economic crises which, together with climate change induced disasters, are expected to lead to an increased desire for power by various governments. This will prompt countries to amass larger arsenals of increasingly advanced nuclear weaponry, leading to a cycle of tit-for-tat retaliatory measures until the situation spirals out of control

The rapid acceleration of climate change has already wreak havoc on ecosystems and weather patterns, and we expect they will cause in the future unprecedented natural disasters such as droughts, floods, hurricanes, and wildfires. The timeline is finetuned to year 2050 as we expect the US economic collapse for 2049 as a result of a perfect storm of factors that all combined will create a devastating global financial crisis. We foresee rising inflation rates, and the erosion of the value of fiat currencies over time, particularly due to excessive money printing policies, all of which will force inflation to reach record levels, severely undermining the purchasing power of the US Dollar, which in turn will cause a credit crunch and liquidity crisis

It is crucial to inject into the system two big environmental events, such as DENIED and, in particular, DENIED, for this will cause a complete failure of renewable energy systems, leaving countries vulnerable to volatile energy markets, price fluctuations, and supply chain vulnerabilities, leading in turn to potential blackouts, shortages, and energy poverty for the majority of the population by the year 2104

Two centuries of highly contaminating exploitation of resources has led to a non-reversible global climate change which has led solar energy plants non-functional, with a minimum efficiency caused by higher temperatures, physical damages from extreme weather events, and threats posed by rising sea levels. This is exactly what the hyenas take advantage of to attack such a weakened society, although in reality what we will see is not hyenas eating zebras, but zebras cannibalizing each other

Everything will be 'super' by the year 2100: you'll witness a supereruption of a supervolcano, superdroughts, superfloods, superhurricanes... That's what fits in a superstupid civilization. The most pathetic view will be to see mutilated children wearing gas masks playing in a landfill full of, you guessed it, graphene, because I guess you don't know that graphene is the plastic of the future: it's just as biodegradable, that is, nothing at all. You should have hung from a tree whoever invented plastic then, and today you should hang whoever invented graphene. Do it today, because you still have trees left
