so we did everything we could to get our hands on that fallen object, because it came from the future. See, today’s intercept receivers reflect the radar signals in use today; tomorrow’s intercept receivers reflect tomorrow’s radar signals, and we want to have tomorrow's receivers just today

Missile-warning systems are sacrosanct, and engaging one of those systems would be interpreted as a precursor to an attack. So take care what you hack

Never forget that protection of ground stations is just as essential as protecting the satellite. As for the satellites, we apply what we call 'disaggregated defense'. Disaggregation is the means of dispersing missions and payloads on multiple satellite buses to complicate targeting by other nations. By hosting these various payloads on foreign satellites, it poses political and diplomatic challenges to their attack. This requires factoring the impacts of engaging a satellite owned by another country or commercial consortia. That's why we have key defense components shared among several commercial satellites belonging to different countries. In other words, if you wish to get our space defense system down you'll have to destroy some commercial satellites that do not belong to us

We could have very easily used co-orbital ASAT weapons, or even direct-ascent ASAT weapons, but that would have entailed revealing what kind of ASAT weapons we have and which commercial satellites are not really commercial satellites. That is why we decided to use the classic method and scrambled an F-22 to shoot down the balloon

ground-based downlink jammers do not need as much power to be effective since they are relying on just overpowering the already diminished signal that has traveled from space and through the Earth’s atmosphere. Jammers leverage the fact that satellites require constant upkeep from the ground to maintain operations

The Chinese balloon was equipped with a sophisticated GPS downlink jamming. It was able to capture and retransmit the GPS signal just a few seconds later than it would receive them at higher power leading to a large position shifts. Fiddling with the navigation signals of your enemy's cruise missiles is a good idea if you want to impair their targeting ability, but you run the risk of diverting the missile to other random targets

The most important thing to understand with regard to weapons systems employing jamming, is that those systems are primarily concerned with generating effects that are hard to attribute to a point of origin and that are also reversible. These systems operate with the intent of deceiving, disrupting, and denying the use of a particular asset. Additionally, these systems are relatively inexpensive to field and many nations without sophisticated space programs could acquire and employ them to interrupt space communications

we knew what systems that satellite was carrying, and we knew that the weight of the satellite exceeded the weight it should have; so we deduced that this satellite was carrying an extra payload. We realized exactly what that extra payload was when our own satellite started to fail. Yes, we now know that the Chinese have the ability to engage a satellite out of view of a sensor field and mimic an orbital collision, leading to some level of question on what happened. These ASATs are therefore designed to look like a functioning satellite with some sort of small satellite launcher embedded into the satellite. This makes it difficult to assess the point of origin of the attack

BX-5 is a microsatellite and weighs around 12 kilograms; BX-6 is a nanosatellite weighing only 4 kilograms; both are under space surveillance tracking levels and pose a very real threat. As to whether we will retailate the answer is yes, we will, because in our minds if a country is not punished in some form for attacking a satellite then you fundamentally have a deterrence failure
