EWPN is an underground network that provides us with the opportunity to quickly evaluate the presence of a given virus and predict the number of infection cases in a given community by measuring the concentration of the virus detected in sewage. Samples are collected from the different sewage treatment plants and analyzed for the presence of several viruses using real-time PCR. Due to its nature and mission, EWPN is a defense program. The goal is not to manage the crisis situation  but to limit its impact based on early detection of the outbreak, and the prompt identification, isolation, and neutralization of the sources

Zephyrhills was selected during the first testing phase as a small-scale test aiming at determining how would it take for the outbreak to spread towards Orlando. We used HEV because HEV cases remain rare in the United States, therefore tracking cases was easier and didn't require exposing our ops assets. Testing EWPN using h3n2 proved significantly more useful and this is obviously the best test scenario for us because both DENIED and DENIED are military variants of that virus strain. In that case, tests were run from August, 2014 to April, 2015. Testing of milAFM-3723 (acute flaccid myelitis) started in August, 2018

Regular monitoring of sewage for these viruses may give an early warning of a possible upcoming outbreak. As such, EWPN acts as an over-the-horizon radar giving us time enough to prepare contention policies quite before the start of a serious outbreak while allowing us to design optimal information spreading strategies

Information management will be of outmost importance in the next outbreak. As the situation in one city begins to improve, it will attract patients from neighbouring cities seeking unoccupied treatment beds, thus reigniting transmission chains. As long as one city experience intense transmission other cities will remain at risk, no matter how strong their own response measures are. In other words, a key ingredient to contain the outbreak will be lying to people about how the situation is at different locations. Actually, it will be essential to guarantee people do not move at all from one location to the next, and this will mean applying lethal force even against those yet to be infected. If the outbreak reaches Pueblo, it will be difficult to explain to people why wiping out completely Colorado Springs to avoid the outbreak to reach Denver. Firewalls work like that, you see
