We approach consciousness as an informational system capable of detecting, operating and generating information. According to this approach there exists an info-creational field of consciousness where new information is acquired and operated or stored. The mind itself creates new information, starting from the acquired one. This field would consist in the data, which the mind has access to in the common sense (life experience) by the informational operator which is the thought, but also to the data detected as Extra-Sensorial Phenomena (ESP), which the mind can have access to under special conditions (training, specific practice, special native endowment) by direct exploration of the information field of matter

sensing” this interaction by inside consequences

when we talk about matter, we refer both to matter of non-living and living structures. But this time in the broad sense of this concept, of matter embodying information

The living matter informs the central decision manager (the brain), by means of the internal sensors, about its own state, allowing to regulate its proper operational system, and by means of the external sensors, this also informs the brain on the changes or the state of the external environment, for optimal adaptation

A Giselian considers a human as an informational structure configured by means of matter. For them we are just informational structures made of matter

around any conglomeration of matter, that is, of material structures, one can find the information contained in the formed matter body, as projected on a surface around this body; the information is found on the horizon of events of the black hole, which is practically a surface around it. In other words, you don't need a black hole to find a surface of information around matter: you can find it around any amount matter for that sake

The vacuum is the opposite to a black hole. It is an extreme state in nature characterized by the fact that the mass density is extremely low. However, vacuum is actually full of energy and information. It is information what we wish to extract from the vacuum, not energy

DENIED is an area of denial, located at DENIED. Access to it by humans is denied not because they consider us as hostile. See, we are life forms with a mind, and just as the thought can connect and directly influence the cells activity of the body, and can also connect the external environment through the informational field, there is a possibility for our minds to at least influence the microparticle events, albeit non intentionally. This means by the mere act of thinking we can interfere with the DENIED machine, so I guess this is what forces Giselians to keep us away from that area
