we’re unable to reconcile with the logic of probabilistic and emergent systems, which produce correct answers on the macro-scale because they are statistically optimized to excel over time and large numbers — even though no one is really minding the store

In asking about culture, we are often asking fish to describe the water in which they swim. They cannot see it, and even if they could they cannot describe it because they have nothing to compare it to

Given that the end of the world is a singular event, you simply can't predict it statistically

There are phenomena that may be important to intelligence but have not been, and perhaps cannot be, assimilated neither within the large language model tradition, nor within any known neural network tradition

For symbol systems, telling the truth is an exemplary way of making sense, though not the only one. Nonsymbolic systems, however, can also make sense, for instance, by acting in ways that exhibit intelligence. In this respect, they are designoids. But there's something we cannot guarantee for any system, and this is the fact that whatever makes sense for a system can be classed as nonsensical for another system. There is no golden rule about what is 'to make sense', and there is no algorithm able to discern whether something makes or does not make sense

Now the Denebian orb observes the human landing robot as it lands on the Martian surface. It carefully observes the robot's behavior, and it tries to ascribe mental states on the basis of that behavior, which is much like interpreting a body of alien symbols; above all, the Denebian orb must end up making sense (pragmatic sense, we could call it). This is a complex observation, you see. Both the Denebian orb and the earthling Martian rover are assumed to be making rational decisions in the light of knowledge and perception. The point, in other words is to rationalize the system's behavior, relative to its circumstances, by interpolating just the right mental structure to do the job

If you would like help at the library, the sensible move is to ask for it; if you want your neighbor to know his dog is loose, tell him; but if you need your plans to stay secret, keep them to yourself. In each case, the focus is not so much on what is said as on the practical effect of saying it. This is why Denebian probes come in groups of two: they need a probe on Mars observing our rovers, but they also need a probe at the end of the telemetry downlink in order to match the rover's bahavior to practical effect

Ascription, like interpretation, is a way of discerning order (nonrandomness) that would otherwise go unnoticed or be indescribable. The discovered pattern, of course, need not be perfect; but flaws are identifiable as such only against the backdrop of a pattern that is largely clear and reliable: there are no flaws in chaos

An enduring civilization makes sense to the extent that, as understood, it isn't making an ass of itself. Does Sol-3 civilization make sense? How? Learn this: some goals must be ultimate, in the sense that they are pursued for no (other) reason

We know an intermediary between the physical and the abstract worlds is required: a translating entity, responsible for the encoding and decoding. Such a device for abstract thought conjures up a third world, bringing consciousness to the center stage. Now, nested in the physical reality, a mental world, containing the mind’s reality content, appears. A schism, making it necessary to delimit between inner and outer worlds, an objective and subjective reality

This subsystem is responsible for sorting out the structures of signification, both subjective and objectified. This is a hard problem for us because meanings are never fixed or static but always part of a dialectical process between knowledge and reality. Meanings, you see, constantly evolve over time

This is the first machine that a civilization has built that is not designed to be used, but to use us. The only machine designed to use us. We call this machine 'the Universe'

According to quantum mechanics, the only truth is that the only truth is also a lie. According to the theory of relativity, even that statement is relative. According to statistical mechanics, everything is true or false only for a short period of time and, moreover, it is true or false just on average

When you want to know something, it is already late, and when you think you remember something, you have already forgotten it. If all your logic depends on an ephemeral certainty, on a flash of truth, tell me, what difference is there between knowing and not knowing? Let's relax sitting on this rock watching galaxies collide. In the end we are only what we think we are, for a very brief period of time
