in a no-contact approach of type I we assume that isolated civilizations are viable in the long term, and that they would choose to remain uncontacted had they full information about what contact involves; in a no-contact approach of type II, we have evidence that the lesser civilization is unaware of its long term viability and we get involved in modulating its progress, without contacting them, except for accidental isolated contacts; a no-contact approach of type III is just a controlled contact with lesser civilizations in which we make them believe they have initiated contact in the first place

If a civilization is not viable in the short term, the best approach is to avoid contact with them as they lack the time to adapt to a post-contact scenario; if a civilization is not viable in the long term, then we should go to a no-contact strategy of type II; only when the circumstances  change can one initiate a type III no-contact strategy in which staged well-organized contacts are deemed ethical. How mature a lesser civilization is will determine whether soon after peaceful contact their populations will rebound quickly from population crashes, or not

Theory of Contact has it that
the role of information -what one player knows relative to others- is very crucial in such problems. We know little about them, while they know much about us. The situation right now is that of
a mixed-strategy equilibrium in which we have assigned positive probabilities to all possible pure-strategy choices both we and they have. Finding the corresponding equilibrium strategies is a matter of solving a set of algebraic equations

Once a sustained peaceful contact occurs, it becomes much easier to proceed. However, this is true only for civilizations with a high biocultural affinity. It may also happen that the lesser civilization refuses well-planned contacts, which means they will be exposed to accidental and disastrous contacts that will take place anyway

Contact must be symmetrical. A Type I civilization should never be contacted by a Type II civilization. Only in very rare cases can such a contact be successful, the cases in which both Type I civilization and Type II civilization has changed their methods completely and started to trace the emergence of reason, and of nature in their battle with biology, tradition, culture, and superstition. Those contacts require the higher civilization to dress itself up as characters that Type I populations can recognize as their own; if the contactees believe in fairies, show yourself as a fairy; if they believe in aliens, show yourself as an alien, and if they believe in gods, show yourself as gods. We need to ‘symmetrise’ the contact approach as much as possible, by forcing a more controlled equilibrium, which would not at the outset tip the scales of the contacted civilization

Animals of Species 1 randomly encounter animals of Species 2 near the food source and play the game. That's all there is about alien contact
