We develop new algorithms specifically designed to cope with the peculiarities of FLIR imagery; on that specific date we were testing the design of a new sparse representation-based algorithm for dim target detection tailored to infrared images generated by ground-based EO sensors. In the considered scenario, targets are generally very small (only a few pixels) and are usually submerged in noise and clutter. To be more specific, we were testing our sea-based infrared search and track adaptive morphological dictionary of targets

Deep learning enables high accuracy in object detection in comparison with alternative methods. However deep learning based algorithms are often computationally expensive. That limits the use in many real world scenarios. We are investing a lot of money and human resources on speeding up object detection, and we do it because kinetic weapons are getting smaller, faster and more maneuverable. Hundreds and thousands of proposed regions need to be processed before detection. Most of the regions are background areas which do not contribute to the actual detection. To improve the efficiency we make use of complex algorithms and the data gathered is automatically analyzed by the DENIED AI system

Unlike the Sentient AI system, ours is focused on detection of hypervelocity kinetic objects by processing at machine speed data collected by RETINA and ODYN networks. Additionally, unlike Sentient AI system, ours performs data search and correlation automatically by the AI itself. This requires training the system with real hypevelocity kinetic objects which involves using MilOrbs, something DENIED opposes for obvious reasons

My team is part of the AI Training Corps, and we are reponsible for the processing of the training images containing the target to extract stable and unique features or specific abstract semantic information features, and then match these distinguishable features or use classification algorithms to give confidence in each category Degree to classify. When we were provided with the list of objects and targets to look for in the images we realized that we were being asked to detect images of UAPs and MilOrbs, and that is when we realized that although most previously unidentified UAPs are MilOrbs, the objects from the DENIED event taken at DENIED in the DENIED area were not MilOrbs

In that particular test we were using 3 uninhabited fighter jets (F-16), 3 inhabited F-35s, and 2 inhabited F-22s. At a given moment, unbeknownst to the team members, 2 MilOrbs were deployed. The idea was to find out if the detection algorithm could detect and lock them. The system detected and correctly identified one of the MilOrbs and tracked it to a point where, unexpectedly, a UAP emerged from beneath the sea surface. We call them
flying mermaids
. The entire encounter between MilOrb and UAP was recorded. In the image you can even see the spiral-shaped disturbance of the sea surface at the exact point from which the UAP emerged

Everything became confusion and chaos. The F22 pilots reported the presence of three strange objects, our two MilOrbs and the UAP; the Navy pilots reported the presence of a spherical object moving at incredible speed (our second MilOrb), and we who were the only ones who knew about the MilOrbs were enraptured watching the unexpected UAP

We affectionately call them OUTLAWS. This is a joke known only to those who know what a LAWS is. A LAWS is a
Lethal Autonomous Weapon System
, a special class of weapon systems that use sensor suites and computer algorithms to independently identify a target and employ an onboard weapon system to engage and destroy the target without manual human control of the system. To all intents and purposes 'outlaws' are exactly the same, only they are not from this planet

The problem? The problem is that the types of AI algorithms that have the highest performance are currently unable to explain their processes. DENIED is damn good at discriminating our MilOrbs from non-terrestrial UAPs, but none of the system’s developers here at the AI Training Corps is able to determine which features of those UAPs DENIED uses in its identification process. So we here face two unknowns: the UAPs themselves, and our own AI algorithms

Off-processing tasks includes analyzing vast amounts of data without the pressure of real-time. The algorithms perform a scan in search for artificiality and cognitive universals, with statistical abnormalities and non-randomness being used to detect language- like patterns. To avoid ambiguity the algorithms focus on searching patterns which are highly statistically significant and exhibit hallmarks of artificiality. But we must be careful because as long as statistical properties of samples produced by a particular algorithm can be captured, another algorithm can simulate them on purpose, essentially spoofing behavior of the original algorithm

The standard identification paradigm is this: if they are not ours, and they are theirs. With UAPs there is a paradigm-shift because the objects are fully capable of hiding themselves from our technological sight if they know we are looking for them, and particularly when they are looking for us. We need to take into consideration the approaches that will allow us to search for the UAP agent in its most likely form, that is, when neither we nor them are expecting to have an encounter. We call this strategy blind flight or, simply, wandering. It consists of releasing several MilOrbs to perform transects without assigning them any specific mission profile, looking for a chance encounter with the UAPs. The transects are totally random. It is a very fruitful approach, but it has the disadvantage that our wanderers can be detected by third parties (civilian aircraft, military aircraft) and then it happens that our office is filled with requests for analysis of sightings that we already know that correspond to our MilOrbs, but that we can not refuse to analyze because whoever asks us does not know about the existence of MilOrbs

Both UAPs and MilOrbs operate under programmed behavior, and our task is to be able to extract patterns and make behavior predictions. What type of artificial alien mind might we find out there? What set of goals would it have so that we could predict its behavior and adapt ourselves accordingly? We are not interested in where they come from, but where they are going. If they come out of the deep sea in a remote part of the Pacific Ocean, what we are interested in knowing is what trajectory they are following, where they are going. One of the algorithms is programmed to search for these answers and concluded that whatever the UAPs are, they move along a gradient of minimal light sources. In other words: they are always moving away from human light sources

Let's be honest: the most dangerous type of UAPs and the one most difficult to defend against is a probe made malevolent on purpose. And as far as I know, only one type of UAPs fits in this definition: the MilOrbs


4. I have been advised that any breach of this Agreement may result in the termination of any security clearances I hold; removal from any position of special confidence and trust requiring such clearances; or the termination of my employment or other relationships with the Departments or Agencies that granted my security clearance or clearances. In addition, I have been advised that any unauthorized disclosure of classified information by me may constitute a violation, or violations, of United States criminal laws, including the provisions of Sections 641, 793, 794, 798, *952 and 1924, Title 18, United States Code, * the provisions of Section 783 (b), Title 50, United States Code, and the provisions of the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982. I recognize that nothing in this Agreement constitutes a waiver by the United States of the right to prosecute me for any statutory violation
