We know virtually nothing about consciousness, not because the problem is a hard problem or because we lack the means to fully explore the mind, but because to fully understand what consciousness is we need to perform experiments, some of them nasty ones. We can put two particles inside an accelerator, speed them up to nearly light speed, and make them collide to get a deep knowledge about matter, but we cannot administer certain drugs to individuals and get them into XViS to fully explore what really consciousness is. There is a high risk to induce serious mental disorders in the subjects, and that keeps us off from experimenting

From research at XViS we've learnt that wherever we find consciousness, we find awareness. We know there is a correlation between the structure of phenomenal consciousness and the structure of awareness. We cannot control the structure of phenomenal consciousness, but we can modify and design new ways of awareness so that, in the end, our experiments throw some light at what consciousness is. Of course, these experiments are illegal, that's why we do it at DENIED

consciousness is always tied to a specific biology; a Giselian and a human do have different consciousness because their biologies differ. The encounter between two biologically different and intelligent species produces all sort of weirdness experiences in at least one of the two species. They know this, and exploit this fact each time an encounter happens

If species A has a more complex information processing structure than B, it is clear that species A will also experience Reality in more complex ways than species B. Now, if a human is exposed to the phenomena he will experience all sort of complex and weird things, which means his information processing structure has changed somehow. It called our attention that autistic individuals were immune to the phenomena, which means there must be a fundamental link between information and experience that would open the door to an understanding of what's really going on during these encounters

The mental information content in one brain can be transmitted to other brains in a trivial way if both brains belong to the same species. When both species differ radically information must be transmitted in nontrivial ways. The problem is that some of these nontrivial ways of transmitting information is lethal for some species. See, there is no war between us and them: there is nontrivial transmission of information that is lethal to us. That's the key issue
