What sustains these extraordinary statements beyond ghost words? They fill a void, or at least allow us to live on its shores

The real conspiracy is simply to convince not the public, but the decision makers, that extraterrestrials exist. What the average citizen believes or disbelieves no longer matters. What matters is to create a majority of senators and congressmen who believe in extraterrestrials. That is our job here. Only then can we deploy nuclear weapons in space with the blessing of the politicians. Do you get it now? We assume the risk that there could be a catastrophic accident, and that is why we need to disguise our project behind the curtain of a civilian project: the DRACO project. We can always admit that an experimental NASA spacecraft whose propulsion is based on a nuclear thermal engine has crashed in a medium-sized city, but we could never confess that a military nuclear satellite has fallen on a city. Never

They have run out of ideas. It is very difficult to convince the civilian population that the next war will no longer be in a remote place where bombs always fall on others. In the next war, bombs will fall on your city, and some of those bombs will be radioactive. You might want to prepare a scenario in which a nuclear-powered alien spacecraft crashes into a medium-sized city. This way we kill two birds with one stone: we make the population aware that the possibility of being bombed is real and that they should assume it, and on the other hand we blame the aliens for any nuclear incident. I'm just joking, you know

On the 26th of July, 2023, a congressional hearing was held, under the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability, in which a former intelligence official made some claims about extraterrestrials. On that same day, 2023 July 26, 2023, Reuters announced that weapons maker Lockheed Martin has been awarded a contract by a U.S. Department of Defense agency to develop a nuclear-powered spacecraft for the purposes of exploration and national defense. This didn't make it into headlines because, you see, people was distracted with news about aliens

Lockheed Martin said the project is an advancement in propulsion technology – from chemical propulsion engines to nuclear thermal propulsion (NTP) engines. The idea is that these more powerful and efficient nuclear thermal propulsion systems can provide faster transit times between destinations. Reducing transit time is vital for human missions to Mars to limit a crew's exposure to radiation. That's what Kirk Shireman, vice president of Lunar Exploration Campaigns at Lockheed Martin Space, said. When asked about the military side of the project, he refused to comment. When asked whether it is a good idea to have nuclear-powered military sats orbiting Earth, he refused to comment

The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) awarded the contract to Lockheed under a project called Demonstration Rocket for Agile Cislunar Operations (DRACO). The military part of the project remains classified. The in-space flight demonstration of a nuclear thermal rocket engine vehicle will take place no later than 2027, as per Mr. Shireman's statements to the press

When NASA was approached about project DRACO, they replied both NASA and the U.S. military plan to launch a nuclear-powered spacecraft to Earth orbit in late 2025 or early 2026. NASA added that the goal of the project is to give an in-space test to nuclear thermal propulsion (NTP), potentially revolutionary tech that could help humanity set up shop on Mars and other distant worlds. When directly asked about the military aspect of the project, they declined any answer

At the same time Mr. Grusch was talking at the Congress about alien technologies being recovered and reverse-engineered, Lockheed Martin team members were having their press conference about the DRACO spacecraft. Mr. Shireman proudly announced they are going to put this together, they are going to fly this demonstration, gather a bunch of great data and really, they believe, usher in a new age for the United States to support their space exploration mission. He also explained Lockheed is partnering with the Virginia-based company BWX Technologies, which will develop the DRACO spacecraft's nuclear reactor and produce its HALEU (high-assay low-enriched uranium) fuel

The engineers explained that the spacecraft will head to a relatively high orbit around Earth — likely somewhere between 700 to 2,000 kilometers, When asked about the dangers involved in case of an unexpected re-entry, they answered that from such altitudes it will take at least 300 years for the DRACO demonstrator to fall back to Earth via atmospheric drag, long enough to ensure that all of its nuclear fuel is spent when it comes down. Asked if they had contemplated the scenario of a hostile force attacking the satellite and bringing it down to earth long before the 300 years life-time, the engineers were silent

No, I mean that we know there are people pushing to establish international norms on how to inspect nuclear materials and other related technological developments for use in outer space, and we will do everything at hand to silence them. Furthermore, we don't care whether NASA plans for using highly-enriched uranium in space translates into the United States establishing a dangerous precedent

Technological risks require society to perceive the relationship between technology and technological disasters as unavoidable. But when it comes to nuclear military technology no one wants to hear about accidents, so having nuclear missiles orbiting over our cities is not something people are going to approve of. It's funny that if it were alien spacecrafts, no one would care whether or not those spacecrafts were powered by nuclear engines. It's as if anything extraterrestrial is better viewed in the eyes of the public, and that's precisely what we have to take advantage of. So yes, get ready to hear news about alien spacecrafts... powered by nuclear engines
