From the unpredictable, we can learn the logical inevitability of the defects of logic, but not terribly more, I’m afraid

Human verbal language is an extrapolation and a consolidation of semantic aptitudes. In obtaining meaning through arbitrary objects, they mimic the cognitive attribution of sense to discrete phenomena. They do not modify no-sense; they rather try to fill it. That's the entire activity they engage in after a sighting

We've chosen a Middle Paleolithic site, identified as DENIED, located in the DENIED region of southwest DENIED, and situated about 110 m above the floor of a small, dry, valley formed by a small tributary of the DENIED River. A small group of hominids live in a small cave in cliff located about 43 m west of the opening of the main cave

In order to explore contact strategies, we expose the group of Sol-3 hominids to an object that belongs to their future timeline. We have therefore chosen an aircraft (SR-71) and modified its design to allow for low altitude flight. The object is intended to cross the sky in front of the group of hominids four minutes after sunrise in order to be clearly visible to them

Hominid One (a male) is working on some lithic objects by the river; Hominid Two (a female) stands close to Hominid One at the moment of the sighting. Hominid Three is 15 m away from Hominid Two transporting a portion of a carcass identified as a deer. All three hominids are DENIED and monitored for brain activity and its plasticity 68 seconds before, and 68 seconds after sighting

The main goal in this setting is to analyze whether the intensity of what Sol-3 humans know is fractured by the unknown at the time of the sighting, therefore is crucial for its success to capture the intellective moment

...allowing us to conclude that there is a level of factual comprehension that we could check with some precision, as it appears that Hominid Two and Hominid Three are those with the most accurate understanding of the sighting, and they exhibited more similar patterns of neural activity among themselves. However, the correlated operations we identify have not only natural causes but are also shaped by a common culture that influences cognition. As the sighting of an SR-71 aircraft in the paleolithic is a highly disruptive event, we believe its interpretation by the hominids must be clearly dominated by their cultural and natural beliefs

If a factually similar sighting is staged using objects that human agents do not understand, the brain activity among agents no longer corresponds, even remotely, to the patterns recorded in the brain of the agents. Even a partial ignorance of the technical setting of the sighting would be consequential. This is to stress the fact that the common is not exactly coextensive to the universal. There is more. In their idiosyncratic performances of cognition, the agents consider other ideas, other feelings, other perceptions

We have to deal here with the unexpected effect of what is emerging. In the case of 410276.10341911.56149908 humans, we expose them to an SR-71 aircraft at a time in which they have not even invented flying balloons, while in the case of 410276.10341911.476811 humans we expose them to DENIED when they don't even know about the existence of DENIED particles. In both cases what comes to their minds in a flash will dramatically vanish

Should we accept the conclusion that altered states of consciousness favor access to the intellective space through their deformation of cognitive norms? They evidently modify the dominant logic of thought, they mark a departure from ordinary mental life and are incomplete. However, there are multiple issues with the identification of altered consciousness as the intellective. Notwithstanding this, we firmly support the idea that communicating with humans must be solely based on symbolic language, and only through an altered state of consciousness. We find some powerful and widespread mental mechanisms of control (including obedience to dominant logicality) could be softened or almost suspended in altered consciousness. We are aware this requires some alteration of their minds, at least during the sighting, and we are aware this is an invasive activity

Writing has been invented late in the history of Homo sapiens and that event is too recent to be crucial in the genetic evolution of the species. Linguistic apes are other non-human examples of organisms whose cognitive skills have been enhanced and modified through the introduction of new techniques of expression. But we need to go a step further, we need to reshape the symbolic language to get them ready for contact, we need to make things significant

His brain will try to complete the experience by filling in the gaps for which it lacks data or explanation. In the case of the Paleolithic sighting, their brains will interpret the object (SR-71) as a strange bird, but definitely a bird. In the case of the sighting of a DENIED by humans in 2023, their brains will insist that anything flying with these characteristics must be artificial. That they continue to call their aircrafts
black bird
or
hawk
responds to the paleolithic need to extrapolate from the known to the unknown

That contact must be adaptive, namely, that we need to adapt to them, derives from that fact that human logic is an adaptation, based on the extrapolation of geometric regularities observed in the environment. In particular, the impossibility for two perceptible and dense bodies to occupy the same position of space-time without being the same is a fact of human common and ordinary experience of the physical world. Logic is a cognitive shorthand that does not begin with mankind. It procures an advantage in the understanding of the surroundings, but it heavily depends on what has been abstracted. Furthermore, the discrepancy between statistical regularities and what actually occurs yields another difficulty: their logic interprets relations by correcting the unusual. This makes it a poor tool for the unpredictable
