The bodies were covered by a kind of pulvurulent chrysalis, as if they had been smeared with crystalline flour that, to the touch, melted into powder. All the members of the Camp 73 research team were dead and covered in the stuff

According to the government, Camp 73 is (was) an experimental bioresearch station, although we have found no documentation about that station, no project, no program, no reference whatsoever. Administratively, that experimental station never existed

The analysis of the samples indicates that it is a fungus that is highly transmissible to humans. Studies have shown that the fungus grows a wide temperature range, specifically at that of the human body. After exposure to the fungus the individual becomes drowsy and his metabolism slows down until he is totally paralyzed while the fungus spreads through the body; the process lasts about 48 hours. After 72 hours of exposure, the entire body is covered by a kind of chrysalis

Camp 73 is not a DARPA-funded research station. You see, fungal and bacterial pathogens can cause bloodstream infections and constitute a persistent and deadly threat to both civilian and military populations, and are particularly prevalent in the military due to increased risk of infection following trauma. It is true that we have research labs devoted to the study of these infections as they are uniquely challenging due to delays in diagnosis, antibiotic resistance and toxicity of treatments, especially for fungal infections. But as far as I know Camp 73 is not part of any of our current research programs

The DENIED records talk about a program backed by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) involving research on a chytrid fungus. It seems there was a bioresearch station at DENIED which suffered an accident of some sort. A fungal disease wiped out all research members at the station and the area where it was located is now an area of denial for humans

At that time DENIED was running Project Clear Vision, a joint investigation by the CIA and the Battelle Memorial Institute, under a contract awarded by the Agency, which involved the reconstruction and test of a Soviet-era anthrax bomblet in order to test its dissemination characteristics. That had nothing to do with fungi. Other projects and programs of which we have a scarce knowledge belong to the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center. As for Metabiota, Inc. activities related to weaponization of fungi no information is available

The identification of the fungus was negative, although a review of the existing literature found a mention of a very similar fungus that was the subject of DTRA's study. After consultation with DENIED, it was decided to conceal the seriousness of the outbreak, dismantle the hospital unit, and rename the new fungus as Candida auris, even though we all knew that fungus has nothing to do with Candida auris

The U.S. Agency for International Development announced the launch of a three-year, $2.28 million dollars peacebuilding activity on September 28, 2023, in Sierra Leone. Part of that money will be used to dismantle Camp 73

The deadly fungus can survive under the ground for more than 100 years without any hosts present; millennia of coevolution with humans have made this fungus particularly smart, so the decision to create a genetically modified version of this fungus was justified and sound

... news about a camp in the surroundings of Yengema in eastern Sierra Leone, near the border of Guinea... during the rainy season thes water washes away whatever soil may have accumulated during the dry season... on November 17 the team probed the cave floor with a six-foot prospector’s rod, to find where the deposit was deepest... they found a strange powder covering the ground and decided to take samples back to the DENIED facilities in the U.S..

The CDC's new warning, published in the Annals of Internal Medicine, comes as the Mississippi Department of Health is fighting a growing outbreak of the fungus. Since November, at least 12 people have been infected with C. auris with four potentially associated deaths. The fungus can be found on the skin and throughout the body, according to the CDC. It's not a threat to healthy people, but about one-third of people who become sick with C. auris die

Early research suggests rising global temperatures, a byproduct of climate change, may have helped Candida auris evolve to live inside the human body. But the fungus’ origins remain a mystery: where it emerged and why it did so suddenly are still unclear. With Camp 73 fungus the situation is similar, except we know it is man-made. Camp 73 was officially testing the use of the newly bioengineered fungi aimed not as bioweapons, but as a means to kill coca plants and hence cocaine manufacturing. But someone must then explain to us why the camp was off the radar, and why was the Defense Threat Reduction Agency funding its research. The DTRA report only talks about an incident at Camp 73 that caused unconstrained damage
