What is it that strikes you so much? That in this city of the future, with these metallic blue-black buildings, under a sky with two suns, with the ability to travel at relativistic speeds from one star to another, there is a corner where a young man is injecting drugs into his forearm? You don't understand change, do you? The change that is coming, a change that changes nothing. What is it that you don't see about those rich assholes anywhere? Among those rich guys riding their little rockets into space, those spaceports, those technological advances that surpass you, what is it that you don't see? I'll tell you: you don't see that the center of economy moves from Earth to a space ecology. And you will continue to belong to the legions of miserable people who make it possible, at the cost of receiving nothing in return. The only really efficient method of space propulsion is this: get rid of the elites

For crews on missions in space or on other planets biocognitive enhancement may be necessary to deal with the conditions of loneliness and the risks associated with the difficulty of adapting to a wholly new and hostile environment. But in the long run, this will also be required for those staying at home on a planet whose climate is increasingly hostile. If you cannot change the climate, better to adapt to it, and bioenhancement thus becomes a must

To adapt to hostile and radically different environment, those living in space colonies will need to be bioenhanced. This also means that every human being born in a future space colony won't have the right to make the decision to return to Earth, unless those humans that live on Earth are also bioenhanced. See, a civilization composed of both bio- a non-bioenhanced beings would be fundamentally inequal. We can even go further to prevent the temptation to come back home by forcing the people who leave for space undergo genetic changes that make it difficult or impossible for them and their descendants to readjust to live on Earth. In this case, we would have actually created an alien species

A bioenhanced slave is still a slave. Learn it

People who venture into space will be aware that they will encounter a hostile environment in their mission and consequently may require or accept genetic modification interventions to have a better chance of surviving in seemingly uninhabitable conditions. By the same token, people remaining in Sol-3 will be fully aware they will cope with a changing hostile environment, so they too may require genetic modification. And you don't change DNA in one night, you need to do it gradually, in a slow process that started in DENIED year and whose aim is to adapt our species to the prevailing conditions of year 3100

What do you want all your genetic engineering for? To make rich blond children with blue eyes and dark-skinned slaves? To genetically enhance you so you can breathe the filthy air and drink the toxic waters that your very presence turns into poison? If you are unable to see that social injustice is your cancer, what good will artificially enhanced eyes do you? You are not blind. You are an imbecile

A spacefaring society is defined as a social order in which its social structures (including major institutions), culture, and everyday aspects of social life are heavily influenced by astrosocial phenomena. Spacefaring societies exhibit barely recognizable social and cultural patterns found in space- capable societies, so they will be extremely different, too much different for you to understand them. The main difference is that social class will mean less because outer space is no longer the playground for elites. For them, it is too difficult to understanbd your society run by corporations that favors profit over democracy. You both won't understand each other. But there is something you need to understand: you need to be a spacefaring society first, and only then would you become a spacefaring species, a species that travels regularly in space and integrates astrosocial phenomena into everyday life as an entire species whether living on Earth or elsewhere in the solar system or beyond
