And having reached this point, the subject understands that the heavens and all that is in them
are, as it were, one organism whose parts are joined organically together. AlI the
bodies the person had known before, such as earth,
water, air, plants, and animals, are enclosed within this being and never leave it

... pilot of the F16 pursuing patrol scrambled stated that  the object swerved  away  at
fantastic speed and  disappeared  in the night sky..

... because we had intermittent radar contact  made  with  object.  Two of the jets 
that were scrambled to intercept the object reported that the object increased in speed 
and raised to a high altitude and could  not be discerned from the stars. Just when they 
were ordered a U-turn to enter RTB flight profile, the object appeared in front of them, 
and both pilots reported to have entered into a trance-like state as the object approached 
their position..

... I was brought to a room where two men started asking me questions about the size, 
shape of the object, luminosity, color, and so on. They wouldn't stop asking time and again the 
same questions. Then a female entered the room and questioned me about whether I had 
dreams the night after the encounter. She was particularly interested in whether I had vivid 
dreams of some sort related to paddy fields, and more specifically rice fields..

we are the object of intensive sociological and psychological study by Giselians.  In such 
studies you obviously avoid disturbing the test subjects' environment; if that's the case, then 
they are doing a very bad job for they clearly disturb our environment. Or may be not, perhaps 
they are now implementing a second level in their experiments which do require interaction with 
the test subjects to gather key information they can only obtain by close interaction

After a  prolonged encounter with a glowing spherical object  on her  property,   
the woman reported she rather suddenly  began  having  precognitive thoughts and dreams. 
The dream she most vividly recalled was one in which she was standing up by a rice field 
in what it looked a futuristic landscape. She described a huge, dark metallic object in the sky
