If you could dive straight into the ocean and just keep swimming down, unrestrained by physical limitations, you’d be in a world of wonder, surrounded by a plethora of unique shapes and colors: vibrant fish popping out from every corner of coral, anemones and seaweeds drifting in the current. The water would be warm, saturated by the sun’s rays, and for this reason the pelagic zone of the ocean is bursting with life. Once you pass two hundred meters underwater, however, things start to look a little different. Entering the mesopelagic zone, also known as the twilight zone, the sunlight begins to fade and all of a sudden you hit a wall of cold water, the permanent thermocline, where water temperature rapidly drops below 43 degrees Fahrenheit. Somewhere between 200 and 1,000 meters you’ll enter the oxygen minimum zone, where oxygen saturation in the water column is at its lowest. The reduced amount of light means fewer photosynthetic organisms like plants and cyanobacteria. No photosynthesis means no oxygen, and no oxygen means no life. A ghost world. Once there, you release an engineered lifeform. The experiment has just begun

POM (particulate organic matter) is part of the biogeochemical process known as the carbon cycle. The plankton or microscopic crustaceans that make up most of the POM contain carbon in their bodies due to the ocean’s absorption of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere.6 Once these organisms are consumed by predators or begin to decompose, the carbon is released back into the atmosphere as CO2. Any unused or unconsumed particles of POM, however, drift to the seafloor, sometimes taking weeks to reach the bottom. The POM piles up on the seafloor and forms a thick, carbon-dense topsoil layer of sludge. This sludge hardens into sediment deposits of limestone where carbon is locked away through a process called mineral carbonation, eventually covering over one billion square miles of the seafloor and becoming several hundred meters thick

Although we may feel utterly disconnected from what lies beneath the waves, what occurs up to 11,000 meters deep in the ocean affects us in more ways than most of us realize. Tamper with it, disrupt it, and you'd have changed Earth's fate

A low-frequency (median 450–532 Hz), short-duration (median 0.416 s), non-stereotypic tonal nocturnal call throughout the DENIED area was detected in the winter of 2019. Based on time of year, spatiotemporal patterns, pulsed nature of the signal, and after thorough comparisons with known vocalizations of whales, turtles, and fish, and because the signal had not been detected elsewhere, and after discarding any geological source, we hypothesized this pulsed signal was artificial in nature

The buoy attached to each drift contained an Iridium satellite tracker that provided GPS location at programmed time intervals. GPS locations greater than 110 minutes were linearly interpolated. Each pulse was matched to the closest drift GPS position. In April 2020 we had sufficient data to determine the most likely location of the source. The pulses span many habitats and geomorphological regions, suggesting it is not a soniferous fish species, which are more typically associated with nearshore kelp or reef habitats. The exact spacing between pulses ruled out a biological origin. There were not non-linearities in the signal either, ruling out a geological source

We can make at least one prediction: to live permanently in hadal environments will require much greater interdependence amongst people than in any other environment on the Earth. The survival of every individual is dependent upon technology that is maintained by others, to an extent not experienced on any other part of the Earth. If you are going to contact them, you are going to contact them all

There can be no doubt that non-human intelligent life in extreme environments will require a fight for survival, but there is also likely to be a similar dichotomy in how these environments are viewed: either as an unconquerable challenge that demands respect and an approach that maximises the extent to which the lives of people are moulded around the environment, or as an enemy to be overwhelmed by the application of will power and technology

We can also make the decision to ignore the existence of these beings, pretend they do not exist, avoid all contact, and expect them to do the same. What we do here on the surface will affect them in an existential way, and what they do in the hadal zone will affect us in the same way. Mutual destruction is assured. The only thing left is to coexist, as we have been doing so far, ignoring each other

Societies in which there is a strong collective psychology imposed by extreme environmental conditions, against which society must work to survive, imbue a greater willingness in individuals to acquiesce to rules and regulations. They are more disciplined than we are, and they are technologically more advanced than we are. Coexistence based on mutual ignorance is not possible anymore, though. Whether contact will destroy both of us, or just us, or just them, is something we cannot know. We cannot know the answers until we undertake the experiment

To conquer the seafloor you will need advances in metamaterials, power generation, communications and new engineering that you are centuries away from achieving. And when you have all that knowledge, you'll still need to know how to modify your own biology to inhabit that environment. If you want to inhabit the hadal zone, forget what it means to be human. If you want to understand what kind of intelligence inhabits such an extreme environment, what logic guides them, and how you might interact with them, it's best to sit tight and wait for them to contact you. After all, they have been 'them' for millions of years. You came here only yesterday

If an extraterrestrial atmosphere contained large amounts of narcotic gases such nitrogen or argon, atmospheric pressure would have to be within a factor of roughly ten of that of Earth. If the atmosphere on a hypothetical planet contained large amounts of a nonnarcotic gas such as helium or hydrogen, people could expect to survive exposure to pressure approaching 100 times that of Earth. Beyond these rough limits the human central nervous system functions rather poorly

For mammals, including humans, breathing CO2 at even a single atmosphere of pressure is so narcotic that deep anesthesia occurs in a matter of minutes. In fact, people can tolerate CO2 breathing only at a pressure equivalent to roughly one-tenth of an Earth atmosphere. In other words, even if the atmosphere of Venus contained enough O2 to support life, the amount of CO2 is close to 1000 times the maximum tolerable concentration for the human body. The pressure, temperature, and composition of the atmosphere of Venus may be fairly typical of Earth-sized planets that orbit close to G-type stars. If so, the challenges of finding other habitable planets in this part of the Milky Way will be formidable. Now, go merry spacefaring, and good luck

The final lucid moments of the 23 survivors, as they pondered the situation in their dark, steel tomb, must have been filled with a bewildering collage of conflicting emotions. One can imagine the disbelief and shock, terror and self-control, anger and serenity, and, in the end, the hopelessness they faced. For most people their plight is unthinkable; for submariners and their families it is unspeakable. The men of the Kursk faced the most difficult decision that can ever be made by the crew of a submarine: attempt to escape or await rescue
