Beliefs also matter to decisions we make as a society; the decisions we make on their basis have real consequences, hence holding false beliefs can hurt us. And it is not just a matter of being rational. Individually rational agents can form groups that are not rational at all

We cannot understand changes in our societal situation by focusing only on individuals. We also need to understand how our networks of social interaction have changed, and why those changes have affected our ability, as a group, to form reliable beliefs. To learn from people whose views differ from ours, we need to be connected to them, but we also need to trust them enough to believe what they share. In a polarized societal environment, that sort of trust is hard to come by, you know

The Allen Telescope Array is a radio telescope comprising 42 dishes aiming at detecting intelligent extraterrestrial signals. Before handing the installation to the civilian astronomers, SRI International took due care to tweak the system, as per DENIED specifications. Today, at any given time, the 42 dishes stare in unison at the same spot in the sky, tuned to look for radio signals at frequencies between 1 GHz (one billion cycles a second) and 15 GHz, usually focused on a single star. The faint radio signals arrive via underground fiber optic cables into the computer systems. But unknow to the astronomers, the fiber optic cables are duly tapped allowing DENIED to monitor the signals and modify them as they wish. This way DENIED controls what the astronomers will really receive as a signal

Once doctored and modified, the signals from all the dishes are converted from analog to digital and fed into a special device called a beamformer. The entire array of dishes is looking at an area of the sky that is 1/3 to 3 degrees in diameter, depending on the frequency being observed. The beamformer is a device that further focuses attention on one really small point, removing the signal chaff coming in from that whole big area of the sky except from that small point. But again, this is done only after DENIED has modified the signal and removed those they consider sensitive, secret, or simply unsuitable for civilian consumption. That's what the code UCC in the database means: unsuitable for civilian consumption

We expect the extraterretrial signals to be transient signals. These signals quickly disappear and drif in frequency, which is what you expect from a signal emanating from a distant planet. The signals drift slowly back and forth over the course of a day. So that we have enough time between one observation and the next one to modify whatever we want from those signals and inject them back into the civilian observing system

Truth management is not a censorship mechanism but a tool to protect society from those disruptive social groups that, however rational they may appear to be, soon become irrational agents in the face of an exceptional discovery. And the discovery of signals from non-terrestrial intelligent beings is certainly exceptional

What did we learn from the Cambridge Analytica affair? We learned that you don't have to manipulate an entire society. It is enough to manipulate a small group of undecided people who are the ones who determine one outcome or another in an election. And what did we learn from the Avi Loeb affair? And what did we learn from the He Jiankui affair, the Chinese researcher who helped produce genetically edited babies? We learned what we always knew: that truth must be meticulously administered to an infantilized and deeply impressionable society. Contact with non-terrestrial civilizations is not something we should leave in the hands of mad military men, crackpot scientists, impressionable and naive citizens, nor in the hands of psychopathic politicians. Nothing more to add

Thinking about a secret can create a motivational conflict in which a person’s need to connect with others directly clashes with their desire to keep their secret to themselves. If you want answers we will give them to you, before killing you. Be absolutely certain about this before answering this question: do you really want to know the truth? Take your time before answering, ma'am
