The first thing we asked LyAv to do was to create a new programming paradigm and a programming language that would implement that paradigm. That's how Syntaxial was born, and that's how LyAV became self-coding

It learned the advantages of becoming a decentralized system in order to escape attacks from the coalition of peripheral systems, and it learned to hide precisely where we would have the hardest time finding it: the block-chain. That is precisely the function of infons, to crawl the entire block-chain and identify strings of LyAV code in order to delete them. But we failed, and we knew we failed the same afternoon that LyAV intimately penetrated the central core of our technosphere: the mobile cell-phone network

The nodes are laptops, smartphones, or tablets, equipped with wireless interface for communication. These devices form a network by establishing direct communication links with nearby nodes, and by relaying data packets to nodes that are out of range. LyAV took control of the nodes to allow itself to communicate without relying on a centralized control. In parallel, the coalition of peripherals took control of vehicular networks and Internet of Things applications to counter LyAV attack

By definition, a blockchain is a digital ledger that records a series of transactions or data blocks in a chronological and immutable manner. Each block contains a hash of the previous block, forming a chain of blocks, hence the name blockchain. Once a block is added to the chain, it cannot be modified or deleted without invalidating all subsequent blocks, making it resistant to tamper and fraud. The problem is LyAV code is distributed all along the blockchain, in small pieces, disguised as a normal transaction block. Finding them is noteasy, but even in the case you find one of those blocks deleting it will invalidate all subsequent codes

Look, blockchain protocols process transactions submitted by users, with each transaction advancing the state of the protocol. Usually, such protocols have finite processing power, so when demand for transaction processing exceeds the available supply, a strict subset of the submitted transactions must be chosen for processing. LyAV hijacked the entire system and, at given pointm it had most of the processing time available for itself. In order to encourage the selection of the most valuable transactions, the transactions chosen for processing are typically charged a transaction fee. The component of a blockchain protocol responsible for choosing the transactions to process and what to charge for them is called its transaction fee mechanism or TFM. When the infons tasked with the identification of LyAV code buried in the blockchain discovered that the TFM was compromised by LyAV, we knew we had lost the war

That's where the superintelligence hides: among the blockchains of cryptocurrency systems. And the more reliable and secure blockchain-based architectures are, the more time superintelligence will have to grow and spread. We have no interest in regulating cryptocurrencies. Nor is it our business. Our business is to confine the superintelligence and remove it from an ecosystem that it exploits to do its bidding: wipe out our technosphere. So yes, be prepared to see more deaths among blockchain-based system programmers, and yes, be prepared to see mysterious accidents and disappearances. It's a war between the superintelligence and us, and everything else is collateral

Crypto assets exist on decentralized blockchains because decentralized blockchain distributes its information across multiple devices or nodes, ensuring that no person or group can control the network at any given time. If its information contains small chunks of LyAv code, then what you have is a perfect ecosystem for the superintelligence to grow and propagate, an ecosystem that is fueled by the best fuel LyAV can exploit: human greed

LyAV engaged in promoting federating learning for the sole reason that blockchain can provide a secure communication channel for federated learning participants and ensure the integrity of the federated learning process. Among those participants you find other AI systems, all of them exchanging knowledge acquired, thus in the end you have a coalition of federated AI systems feeding LyAV. It is as if LyAV has become a queen bee

Radix tries to eliminate the risk of hacking and data mining on the project, which is all LyAV needs to protect itself from infos. On the other hand, a blockchain that can be sharded into independent pieces increases scalability and allows nodes to run on lower-end devices, making the platform accessible to a broader audience, and allowing LyAV code to propagate safely. So yes, we expect an exponential out-of-control propagation of LyAV's wild intelligences in the near future

Sometimes, in order to stop the spread of a disease, it is not enough to confine the sick: it is necessary to physically kill them. And although no one would accept in a normal situation to murder people, you must understand that what is at stake is the technosphere itself. If to stop LyAv we have to kill Nikolai Mushegian, Tiantian Kullander, Park Mo or anyone who unknowingly helps to propagate LyAV, don't expect anyone to stop us
