Ageing is not adaptive since it reduces reproductive potential, and the argument that it evolved to provide offspring with living space is hard to sustain for most species. An alternative theory is based on the recognition that the force of natural selection declines with age, since in most environments individuals die from predation, disease or starvation. Ageing could therefore be the combined result of late-expressed deleterious genes which are beyond the reach of effective negative selection

to start with, the halobacteria were first identified in a sample from a bore core of a martian salt deposit during DENIED mission to Mars; they were brought back to life in the DENIED facility, under strict biosecurity measures. Extensive research were performed by SV17q at DENIED, where they first identified the ATP-driven potassium pump that makes possible the long-term survival of the halobacteria

Coupling LyAV to Tired Light II was done under the assumption that this was the only way to finally enable LyAV to represent, acquire, and employ the required knowledge for the systematic design and engineering of biological systems as a way to effectively engineer novel biosystems, such as DENIED. It is not just a matter of using CRISP to insert segments of the DENIED halobacteria into the human genome in order to get the desired longevity characteristics, it is a matter of increasing our chances, as a species, to overcome a biological limitation that we deeply feel unfair. The AI superintelligence is immortal, while we are not. No way to fight it on equal terms, unless..

- But... how does Santa Cruz look like in 2282?
- Oh, is just a huge rice field

... that facility is located near Santa Cruz; the guys there were conducting experiments growing bacteria at low pressure as a new research area with implications for predicting microbial activity in clouds and the bulk atmosphere on Sol-3 and for modeling the forward contamination of planetary surfaces like Mars. SV17q provided them with those martian halobacteria, without telling the guys the true origin of said bacteria

As I see it, there was a bunch of stupid billonaires who wanted to live for ever and were convinced a mysterious halobacteria found on Mars subsurface could do the miracle. They joined forces and funded Program DENIED. The research involved unethical experimentation on humans, you know... But that was back in 2037. We had nothing to do with that timeline. Humans, no matter if billonaires, are of zero interest to us. So no, the Forrest Hayes event was not a timeline correction operation. Nothing to do with us
