Here the symbol is understood as consisting of a visible expression that only reveals a certain limited aspect of something that cannot be fully conceptualized. This gives us the idea that our concepts and perceptions are limited and can only grasp bits and pieces of a complex reality. Symbols are symbols because they have an effect on us, we react to them and feel the need to engage with them

The nature of UFOs can only be discovered by detecting similar patterns in several parallel disciplines. It cannot be defined statically, but is rather something more processual and dynamic

UFOs cannot be reduced to exclusively coming from the outside (acquired) or from the conscious mind (rationally processed). It is something that presents itself spontaneously and phenomenally. See, all our observations constitute an interaction between observer and observed. What makes this complicated is that the products of the mind (like dreams) are also something observed by an observer. The problem here is that both Giselians and us are observers: we observe each other's dreams

What the fuck is what you want? A construction of the world in your minds that is much simpler and much more coherent than reality itself? Is that what you want? You'll never get it. You just pick simple stories and tend to ignore what does not fit (pattern recognition). You even believe that shit about the scientific ideal that simpler theories are better theories, closer to reality. You totally and absolutely miss the point as far as Giselians are concerned

Our work consists of sorting out and becoming conscious of what is projected and what belongs to the object, a process of uncovering and approximation that is continuously ongoing and may be impossible to bring to a close. The Yulara Event is crucial for what it teaches us all about our space-time neighbors: that we are them as much as they are us, and that there is only two playgrounds in which we can meet each other, dreams, and particle physics

UFOs are just symbols. Instead of focusing on where they come from, what are they made of, who owns them, how do they work, and so on, we need to focus on analyzing them as what they really are: symbols. You thought symbols are just mental fabrications, and now you face a crude reality, namely, that symbols can materialize and interact with your physical reality. Let's once and for all accept this, let's once and for all accept that UFOs are just a language whose function is symbolically to describe an invisible, potential form of reality that is only indirectly inferrable through its effects

. At this side of the bridge you are here. At the other side, you are there. In between, on the bridge, YOU ARE. And more crucially, on the bridge you can physically interact with both worlds and you can influence matter on both worlds
