all specific forms of domination have a limited life span. No social system is forever. This also holds true for the modern capitalist world-system that has conquered the Earth during the last 500 years. The growing instability and the possible disintegration of this system present an opportunity for change that has not existed for centuries. Under the right circumstances, the farther a complex system strays from equilibrium, the greater the impact that even small movements can have, just like the famous butterfly that triggers a tropical storm

it is necessary to put up determined resistance against the destructive forces of the Megamachine, which even in its decline is trying to appropriate the last available resources; on the other hand, new social and economic structures must be built that allow us to gradually live and operate outside the destructive logic of the Machine

You will be graded, evaluated, sorted into categories, and you will have constantly compete for a place in the world. Life for you will be narrowed down to earning more points than others in the game of prestige and income. In this game, to be upgraded means that someone else must be downgraded. We will create artificial shortages, not only of goods and money, but also of attention and affection. You will sit in partitioned cells and turn your eyes upward. There is no way for you to unlock your gaze, directing your attention beyond these cells in which we will confine you and that you call 'city'. Welcome to the Megamachine

You've turned your planet into the largest trash incinerator in the galaxy. That's all you have done

Learn this: The driving engine of the Great Machine is the use of money to make more money, regardless of whether the associated activities make sense, or not

To coexist is an art, it is the art of cooperating with complex living systems. But your civilization is no more than a lousy street performer, a crippled trapeze artist, a writhing, obscenely grimacing buffoon. A civilization of unfunny clowns. The civilization of cowards ruled by idiots. Your civilization is just an aberration

Considering your time as but an infinitesimal moment in the three and one-half billion year tenure of life on planet earth (let alone the possibility that earth may be but one of many planets to possess a biota), human's tendency to destroy other species might be viewed quite disinterestedly as a transitional stage in the earth's evolutionary odyssey
