Before dawn, the Four Horsemen of the Modern Apocalypse will gallop into your crystal castle, each capable of extinguishing your species and most others. The first one is the climate crisis; the second one are the myriad, proliferating weapons of mass destruction; the third one you are now well acquainted with: pandemics; and the last one is your overdependency on networked computer systems and artificial intelligence. Look at them in the face: their faces are yours

Make no mistake, the human scale challenge is related to governance. If those who rule you feed on your blood and sweat, and trade in your semen, what are you waiting for to poison your blood? Let them be satiated, so that they too will not see tomorrow's dawn

This is your world, have a look. We are the giant transnational corporations and we simply could not exist without the global computer networks to keep our thousand-armed enterprises in touch and our myriad parts working together. And when we push our computer buttons, we are not just sending out letters or information. Our messages result in hundreds of billions of dollars in resources being transferred instantly from banks in Geneva to Delhi or Sarawak with concrete results: forests are cut down, dams are built, countries are destabilized

A publicly held corporation in particular is a creature with a technological form that has to follow certain rules: It has to grow; it has to make profits. If it doesn’t do those two things, then its shareholders can take action, bankers won’t lend to them, and the stock price will go down. This is what can happen to corporations that every once in a while try to do something on purely altruistic grounds. It’s not that a corporation can never do that, but the basic rules it has to follow are to preserve the corporate role in the economy and preserve the corporate place in the competition

Here is your cancer: the two hundred largest corporations in the world, and they are getting larger and fewer all the time, account for approximately 30 per cent of global economic activity, but they employ less than 1/2 of 1 per cent of the global work force

flattening corporate structure” means eliminating middle management jobs, spreading anxiety from the cities to the suburbs. You know what? Economic globalization has more similarity to the central planning of communist regimes than it does to any free-market system, except that now the central planning is not by government but by global corporate bureaucracies

See, the game is clear. Look, something becomes inevitable when everyone accepts it as such. This produces passivity. Passivity is what fuels our power, and that's why is vital for us to turn entire societies into puppets. You can fight us, but we will keep on doing the things we do because there is too much money to be made by us, global corporations, to simply let it die
