The chessboard is the world, the pieces are the phenomena of the universe, the rules of the game are what we call the laws of nature. The player on the other side is hidden from us

The radar returns were definitely anomalous, completely unexplained. The objects were from five to 12,000 feet at times

An assessment of how military systems behave when exposed to a nuclear electromagnetic pulse is among the suite of survivability, vulnerability, and lethality tests we run. It is certainly a non-standard test because we obviously need to generate an EMP. But again, local authorities were duly informed that we would be running tests in that restricted area

We demonstrated the feasibility of a critical part of the system having to do with the cavities that convert the energy in laser beams to a near-isotropic bath of soft x-rays for imploding the fusion fuel capsule

Suddenly, two green shafts of light shoot out overhead. The beams converge, appearing to extend infinitely into space. Congratulations, you've just witnessed DENIED at work, one of the major technologies that will enable us to develop a practical airborne laser (ABL) weapon system: adaptive optics. We were all commenting what we have just witnessed when, suddenly, those strange lights appeared in the sky

The ABL program comprises the work of the Air Force and a pair of contractor teams. Rockwell International leads one team, which includes Hughes and E-Systems. The other is headed by Boeing and includes TRW and Lockheed Martin. Each contractor team received a $22 million contract in 1994

The core idea is to make the world visible once again by making the world strange, alien, unfamiliar, using military techniques which disturb and delay our perceptual process. This is basically how MilOrb technology was born

The night of March, 8 we were in the field, near DENIED junction and DENIED road. We were participating in an experiment with the goal to test an adaptive-optics system that was mounted on a ground-based telescope. We had a laser-generated guide star. This was a device that created 'stars' in the upper atmospheric sodium layer in order to correct the effects of atmospheric turbulence and improve resolution. This was a new version of the AVLIS dye, which produced the brightest sodium-layer laser guide star then

The star guide is a relatively bright star in the field of view that is chosen as a stable and easily recognizable point of reference. The light from the star is analyzed by the adaptive optics system, which measures the distortions caused by atmospheric turbulence. Based on this information, the deformable mirror is adjusted to compensate for the distortions and improve the quality of the image being observed. This new system simply creates an artificial star, that is, a bright spot in the high atmosphere for us to test our adaptive-optics system. So yes, the bright yellowish orb you saw was our star. The other lights that appeared minutes after we shut down the system were not ours, and they definitely are not a side-effect of our experiment

Both the complete report about the The Lakeshore Event and the Lake Michigan UFO flap event have a document reference number as DENIED. You can access the reports at DENIED. As customary, there are only two copies of those reports. Section three of the second report includes the photographs and acquired data taken by DENIED on the night of March, 8

Lake Michigan, or rather, the area between DENIED and DENIED, was classified by LyAv as a naturoid, a system that looks natural, but it is not. It is an algorithmic lake, so to speak

If the images of our MilOrbs in the sky simply appear in front of the witnesses, however wonderfully produced by XViS, however super-alien in its appearance, full of mystical tricks and so forth, if in this artificial sightings of lights and shadows you fail to discern the endless, faithful, human-like gesture, your gesture, you would remain indifferent. That's why we never design our sightings focusing on just speed and motion of our objects, nor with the triumph of the physical UFO over spiritual movement, but with the primal gesture. A human gesture. That's why we got the aliens into the scene

Our technology is currently so advanced that it has become all so esoteric that we just don't understand. We begin to see how complex the picture really is. We simply handed the interpretation of data to LyAV. All this has just become part of our view of the universe. Admittedly, and sadly, the public ignores most of what we here take for granted
