Life is a self-sustaining chemical system capable of adapting to a changing environment and undergoing Darwinian evolution. There is always a link between the environment from which life emerged and the types of organic compounds that could conceivably represent the first steps toward life. This means they simply knew the environment in which they were seeding life, and that the environment wouldn't change for at least 500 million years

the Holy Grail of ribozymes is an RNA replicase ribozyme, an ancestral RNA molecule that replicated everything, including itself. We have found it, but the problem is we haven't found it here on Earth

And, though it is entirely conceivable that a prior 'conscious event' might appear to cause another event while itself being only the epiphenomenon of a physical event, epiphenomenalism cannot explain in what sense the prior 'conscious event' is necessary or sufficient for the subsequent one without asserting that the conscious event is somehow 'the same thing as' an underlying physical event. But then it is no longer really an ephiphenomenalism (i.e., the theory that conscious events are caused by physical ones) but rather an identity theory (i.e., the theory that conscious events are physical ones)

Our findings means that we have to reject the premise of a prebiotic soup and to accept that early life was autotrophic not heterotrophic, and that chemical energy from mineral sources, not sunlight or lightning, was the driver. In DENIED and DENIED sites you find no sunlight, no atmosphere, and hence no lightning, yet you find the biomolecules of life. The question is whether those biomolecules are produced in the depths of the DENIED oceans or someone put them there, for whatever reason

The difference? The difference is this: they do first see colors and shapes impinging upon their retinas, and then deduce that there is something 'out there' in the world, while we humans have senses that, from the very beginning, see and intend objects as being 'out there.' Can't you see the implications of this difference between Giselians and us? It means that you can be tricked to believe imaginary things are real, while they are immune to this. Look, you know you are dreaming the very moment you are awake. Without awakening, you'd be lost

consciousness without transcendentality would not be consciousness

Just as DNA and RNA code information using four nucleotides, clay minerals such as kaolinite have thin layers that stack on one another in three possible relative orientations —0°, 120°, or 240°— providing three coding elements

consciousness is a kind of process; we don't know how to make conscious a life form, we ignore how that process emerges. We know you don't need a brain to be intelligent, we know you don't need consciousness to be alive, and we don't know whether proto-consciousness co-evolved with prebiotic chemical compounds or was implanted, somehow, by someone, somewhere

a being physically identical to you or me yet lacking subjective experience, that's a Giselian for me. See, our functional structures might not produce consciousness if realized in nonorganic materials, and that would be a good reason to go out and look for organic materials upon which to build 'life', a must for consciousness to be realized. If nonorganic matter -such as the high energy particles- is to be conscious it must self-organize into life forms. The oldest thing in this Universe is the Universe itself, and the Universe had billion years to learn how to become conscious. Maybe we are just a carrier of consciousness, a container of dreams and experiences

To a certain extent, we see only the aspects of phenomena we are interested in, and we come to an experience equipped with categories that reflect our interests. Categorial intentionality functions to facilitate experiencing, precisely by limiting it. If we had to approach the world without categorial intentions, we could never make enough inferences from sense data to organize our experience meaningfully
