On May 23, 2016, the United States and Thailand kicked off a bilateral naval exercise in the Andaman Sea called Exercise Guardian Sea, so they likely were given a wonderful opportunity to test the entire system

An Indian Air Force plane carrying 23 personnel and six crew members onboard went missing on July, 22nd, 2016 while making its way back to Port Blair from Chennai. The An-32 aircraft, which was on a routine courier-run, took off from Chennai at 8.30 am and was expected to arrive at 11.30 am at Port Blair. The aircraft, however, went missing at 9.15 am after climbing to an altitude of 23,000 feet

We have undersea surveillance sensors all over the Bay of Bengal, so we know for sure the exact impact location. The network of seabed-based sensors stretches from the tip of Sumatra right up to Indira Point and it is aimed at preventing Chinese submarines from approaching Indian exclusive economic zone. The strange thing here is that we recorded 3 distinct sound events when we were expecting just one. To what the other two sound events relate we don't know, though they correlate with a big bright flash that was detected by the DENIED satellite

On 25 December 2016, a Tupolev Tu-154 jetliner of the Russian Defence Ministry crashed into the Black Sea shortly after taking off from Sochi International Airport, Russia, while en route to Khmeimim Air Base, Syria. All 92 passengers and crew aboard died. A bright flash was purportedly caught on surveillance cameras along the Sochi coastline before the crash

They informed us that at least one part of DENIED could fall very close to Thailand according to the computations of the trajectory, and that the estimated date for such event was someday between December 15 and January 14

Chinese submarines and ships patrolling the Indian Ocean is not a scenario we wish to tolerate. Around 80 per cent of China’s petroleum imports flow through
the Strait of Malacca and the Gulf of Aden, so we need to have in place secure assets to disrupt that flow. Among HITS goals that's not the primary goal, though

. The name comes from a syndrome and it means that you think, feel, and believe that you are insufficient to meet the challenges that are being presented to you. As the stress increases, the feelings of insufficiency grow exponentially and you feel smaller and smaller. 99208 is the last member of a constellation of HITS satellites

Yes, Sir. Unknown 130404

As above, so below; that is, it is not about deploying weapons in space and beacons on the ocean floor. It's about deployment of a complete space/seabed coupled system
