There are some processes and events taking place that at least part of society has no idea about. It is not clear though, if it is because people cannot know, or rather do not want to know

There exists a superior code common to all the codes which are subordinate to it. This postulated primary code is the most essential mechanism of human mind, reduced to a common denominator with the mechanism governing organic processes. There is a mental continuum from Homo naledi to Homo sapiens. The symbolic structures they use show a universal repetitiveness regardless of the cultural differences. The analysis of such semiotic systems as mythology, religion, ritual, and primary philosophy is supposed to reveal patterns of symbolization processes and the roots of their science which are inherent in the knowledge of the pre-logical period

A horizontal line is a primeval symbol of horizon and earth. It relates to an imaginary line or plane on which humans move, and represents a static basis of all matter or the ground level. The horizontal line is associated with passive movement into infinity or with relaxation. Humans move on the horizontal plane, therefore the horizontal direction is perceived by them as a familiar

There are patterns that turn out to have incredibly high efficiency as well as a very low noise level. There may be different patterns that have a very high noise level but are also really inefficient. We could use them if we wanted to make our jobs hard, nothing prevents us from attempting to find, and perhaps even succeeding in finding, perversely constructed patterns

Language evolution does not result merely because a few key genes, for example FOXP2, were present in humans but not in non-linguistic animals. Language evolution was likely a complex co-evolutionary process involving interactions between constantly reshaped cultural environments and populations of humans. Throughout their evolutionary history, they have interacted with these constructed environments, and passed them and their cultural products on to their descendants. Understanding the interaction of all of these factors is key to understanding human evolution

If we live in a world that increasingly is designed by engineers, then it is worth asking what are engineers doing when they design

The members of the Homo ergaster group were more intelligent than the chimpanzees; but you see, the former became extinct and the latter are still making stupid capers among the branches of the trees. Members of the Homo ergaster group were highly social creatures, capable of sustaining the complex social and personal relationships necessary for survival in harsh environments
