We are not ordinarily engaged in traditional criminal investigation in these matters, it is inappropriate to tie the threshold investigative standard to a criminal act. In my view this approach permits sufficient authority for us to act where necessary yet imposes restrictions and oversight on our judgment to do so

I must note that the section 426 requirement for congressional notification of withdrawals from the reserve fund is intimately related to the issue of prior notification of special activities, which the committee has been discussing with DENIED. We should keep in mind that section 426 should track with whatever requirements are eventually decided upon in sections 125 and 142. In other words: all we know about UAP in our skies was knowledge gained through unreported special activities. It is not that we cannot share that knowledge about UAP. It is that we cannot talk about how we got that information, and the nasty things we had to do to get that knowledge. Revealing our intel about UAP is not the problem, our special activities are

We do not have a single unified signals intelligence effort, Rachel. This is on purpose, you know. We both share a keen interest in protecting the sources of signals intelligence and sensitive cryptographic methods and techniques, and that's why we keep separated special activities from, say, the usual intelligence business. There are some types of NSA files which we know contain information which is clearly exempt from release under the Freedom of Information Act. Nevertheless, the law requires that NSA locate and identify particular documents that are responsive to any requests it receives and rules on the continued classification of each separately. Now, do you really want to see if we operate under the rule of law? No, we don't. If we were to, you'd have no idea about what these UAP are, really. You need to choose

Let me recall that there is no law on the books today which effectively provides criminal sanctions for the unauthorized disclosure of intelligence source and methods. It is ironic that there are at least some 30 provisions of law which provide criminal penalties for the unauthorized disclosure of information in the hands of the Government. Some examples are: insecticide formulas, agricultural marketing agreements, crop information, confidential business information, bank loan information, income tax information, shipping information, selective service information, and numerous others. In the absence of such a law as to sources and methods, current employees and former employees and others in a position of trust can reveal such information with impunity. In the absence of such a law, we need to protect us through special activities, activities that are not regulated, activities that are clearly illegal, activities that involve the neutralization of potential threats to our existence. This is the situation

We went through at least DENIED years of intense effort trying to rate various things about UAP, and specially USOs, that we wanted to know in a hierarchy and then trying to allocate expenditures with respect to each one of those intelligence objectives. This became a complicated exercise involving many people, and it really produced no worthwhile results

The intelligence community is like any other bunch of bureaucrats. They react to who has got the blow torch on the seat of their pants, and usually it is in the current intelligence area, and if you start falling down in current intelligence, somebody will be down your throat immediately

If the people of this country and of the world are to have faith in a free and independent press, they must know that defense and military agents are prohibited from masquerading as journalists in undercover operations, but nothing prevents them from masquerading as aliens in undercover operations. The problem is that we've reached a point in which we cannot fully distinguish between our 'aliens' and the real aliens

When you are in the middle of a forest, at night, and surrounded by dense fog, everything and everyone seems like the enemy. If at dawn the fog has lifted and you find yourself surrounded by the corpses of innocents, don't blame us. SV17q is your night in the forest. You shouldn't have sent us there, Rachel. You would have been better off sending Chuck Schumer. At least we would have had fun

The crucial question is no more to what extent is the insecurity of other peoples related to our own. The crucial question is to what extent is our own insecurity related to the insecurity of non-human players. What you don't understand is that in the past the root causes of conflicts were not environmental; they were political and military. Environmental issues were tangential and, at best, merely contributing factors. Today the situation is different. Today, it is environmental issues what drive wars and conflicts

UFOs exist and everyone needs to adjust to that fact
