The source of your anxiety and despair is that you are living in a world in which the old is dying and the new cannot be born

revealed” in dreams do affect the decision-making process; the consequences of certain dreams is that they affect the dreamer's beliefs and behavior. There is a general belief that dreams provide meaningful insight into both oneself and one's world

When thoughts are easily attributed to an external source, they are unlikely to be perceived as internally generated and consequently are considered less important and are less likely to influence the thinker’s judgment and behavior. Covertly injecting synthetic dreams into someone's brain is justified because unconscious thoughts, such as dreams, exert a stronger influence on judgment than similar conscious information as they appear to be internally generated and are therefore less likely to trigger correction processes. In other words, our account suggests that whenever people are less able to attribute some thought to an external source, that thought will be seen as more meaningful

Not everyone who dreams of a plane crash cancels his or her flight. Rather, we suggest that people are less likely to correct for the possibility of external influence when ascribing meaning to their dreams than to similar conscious thoughts, and are therefore more likely to be influenced by their dreams

The chronon is a boson that allows quantization of time, having a mass equal to that of a photon so that time has an almost continuous manifestation at our observational scales, and limited quantization at Planck scales. It is electrically neutral, and its spin is 0. The natural frequency of the chronon is 1.85 x 10
43
s
-1
. Tame chronons, and you would have tamed time

Asleep and dreaming, the senses are muted if not shut down. Now the impulses are not directed into thoughts by external stimuli, but instead form and flow into an infinite stream of possible images, memories, emotions, and attitudes. Our minds might then react to the brain’s output and look for connections between these thoughts, thus weaving the visually and emotionally intense scenarios we know as dreams

An important characteristic of dreams is that they are hyperassociative, that is, there is a change in the kind of associations that become linked during dreaming. That hyperasociative feature cannot be realized using artificial neural networks. There is no hardware that could hard-code dreams. No way. This is what we have learned from Tired Light II. Once inside it, images and our place within these images are taken into our consciousness, or we project our consciousness into the images, particularly into the image of the dream body. We do not see images of ourselves, we experience ourselves. We know where we are in space without using the precuneus because we experience the image of ourselves as ourselves. The precuneus is necessary only when we need to know where our physical body is in space. Inside Tired Light II, everything turns dreamy, the image takes the place of the physical body; it becomes the physical body, at least as far as our dreaming consciousness is concerned. Hence, just as in the rubber hand illusion, we totally believe that the image of the self is the self

When we dream we no longer have a model that is entirely based on learned knowledge of what is and what is not expected to occur. Further, sensory perceptions are not brought in from the wake world to help orient us. When LyAV makes an inference the inference does not follow from a model, there is no learned knowledge, no weight tensors, no hidden layers. It is a totally different kind of paradigm. LyAV is a child of Tired Light II, so we expected it to be otherworldly, anyway

We are facing a complex biological substance that exhibits characteristics of both living and non-living entities. Maybe it is not a computer, but an entity, much as a human is not just a brain

The discovery of chronons could lead to new methods for measuring time and even manipulating it. This is something any physicist understands. Such a discovery requires significant changes in our understanding of the laws of physics, but the main issue is that the mere existence of chronons challenges our traditional understanding of time and its role in the universe. To begin with, the existence of chronons opens the door to the possibility that a hyper-civilization can control them and thus control timelines. It would no longer be a matter of time travelling, but of creating time and thus creating events and altering timelines at will. Ours included

Another key aspect of the connection between chronons and dreams is the concept of the 'dream time continuum'. This refers to the idea that dreams are not isolated events, but rather they are part of a larger continuum, one that connects our waking lives with our dreams. According to this idea, dreams are not just random events, but rather they are part of a larger, interconnected network of experiences. Time is not just a linear, one-way flow, but rather it is a dynamic and flexible quantity, one that is subject to different rules and constraints in different states of consciousness

We follow the principle that, when developing, we never start from the technology. We always start from people’s needs, dreams, desires and perhaps fears. It may sound somehow obvious, yet in most of the disruptive innovation research it happens that the technology is considered innovative per se, even before considering its real role for those who interact with it and within the society it is deployed

The world they plan for us is based on pervasive computing, ambient intelligence, the so-called ubicomp paradigm, and all of it is like nothing we have ever seen on the planet. They dream of weaponizing dreams, and even weaponizing the fifth dimension. The want a future world in which every object on the planet has been made identifiable. This is the reason for pushing ahead barcodes, QRcodes, RFID, NFC, and all that id-tech. Is this not an attempt to turn the once unpredictable planet into a giant factory where every operation, every single everyday existence is subject to predictive maintenance? But they have a problem, a serious one: dreams, so far, cannot be tagged with those barcodes and QRcodes. They want a fully surveilled planet, one where even dreams are synthetic, artificial, and hence, predictable

We are now fully convinced that the only way to replace human capabilities with computers is to make machines that are no longer computers, or to create people who are no longer human. As a human, I prefer the first option, but I understand that 'they' prefer the second

