Because human moral psychology evolved in conditions that are radically different from those in today’s world, and totally alien from those in tomorrow's world, we should alter human moral psychology by biomedical and genetic means. Human beings are innately evil to a greater or lesser extent. Wickedness is an indispensable part of human nature. If we want to eradicate evil, we have to alter these immoral innate (biologically determined) tendencies of human beings. Socialization, upbringing and education won't be enough

Even if you succeed in biomedically enhancing people’s cognitive abilities, it is of paramount importance to first enhance their moral abilities due to the risks that cognitively enhanced human beings may pose to others. It is not enough to make interstellar travel technologically possible, and it is not enough to make it also biologically possible. You need to also make it cognitively and ethically possible. We not only envy our visitors' superior technology: we envy their ethics

We firmly embrace cognitive enhancements, as they are our best prospect of self-defense against disaster. And we are not here talking about just behavior enhacement, as a species. We are talking about bioenhacement that will have a direct effect on moral reasoning, moral insight, or moral will

Is it an individual a morally good person because of that person’s neurochemistry and/or that person’s genetics? I think so, and I also think bioenhancement will impact identity. An individual will, post-enhancement, be a completely different person, which is exactly what we need if we wish to reach the stars. Human species, as it currently stands, won't do it. XViS-engineered individuals, name them as you wish, will

Recreating a holographic image of a landscape using sunlight required a combination of advanced technology, optical components, and precise environmental control. It was a challenging and complex process, but we finally made it achievable. But the trick works for enhanced humans, individuals fitted with artificial eyes that allow the recording of the electrical signals created by the eye when it is exposed to photons bouncing off an object. Once this is done, we simply have to reproduce these signals back for you to see, with quantum detail, whatever we want you to see

Now, capturing and storing this vast amount of data in a precise and meaningful way posed significant technological and computational challenges. We solved this by creating a beautiful piece of organic technology: a brain. So there you are, nine billion people living inside our hologram. They call themselves 'humans', and they call the hologram 'the universe'
