Nature, which has the opportunity to trigger emergence of life over an almost infinitely long period of time, 
sooner or later should produce a Supermind

It is more interesting to switch on the radio and listen to static 
noise than to listen an encoded message, particularly when that static 
noise is the message. See, in the first case you are not even aware a 
communication is taking place, while in the second perhaps you cannot 
decypher the message, but you are sure a communication is happening

You achieve the lowest probability of detection and the lowest 
probability of intercept in hostile environments when you manage to use 
noise to communicate. The goal then is to transmit with the lowest power 
spectral density possible by spreading the signal energy over the 
largest bandwidth

We exploited the statistical properties of the pseudo-noise sequences 
used in direct-sequence spread-spectrum systems and the pseudorandom 
frequency-hopping sequences used in frequency-hopping spread-spectrum 
systems. We also took care to further analyze the background noise using 
band-limited Gaussian noise waveforms. We then applied statistical 
processing techniques such as triple correlation, fluctuations of 
autocorrelation estimators, and multi-hop maximum likelihood allowing us 
to detect the spread spectrum signal even if it is hiding under the 
ambient noise. We then set on processing cosmic background noise, and 
interesting patterns started to emerge

The shared understanding of this issue is based on the idea that, due to the proliferation of debris around each 
technogenic star, there is a non-sterile zone, which includes microorganisms. When the Solar
System moves through the Galaxy, it crosses the non-sterile zones of various stars, while non-sterile artefacts can get to Earth. 
Under this situation, we think beacons DENIED and DENIED recovered from the DENIED are artificial non-terrestrial debris 
from extant civilizations, while DP-2147 is an active probe belonging to an existing non-terrestrial civilization monitoring Sol-3. 
As for DENIED object recovered from the DENIED deep ocean waters in 2014, our belief is that it is a recent artificial structure

Apparently, they use a covert communication system which transmits 
unpredictable signals with a random behavior with the idea to prevent a 
third party to detect data transmission. Sure, we too have DENIED comms 
system based on Lorenz-Based Chaotic Generators, but what we discovered 
is far beyond our capabilities

In essence, two orbs communicate emitting signals with a random behavior whose stochastic 
characteristic is similar to white Gaussian noise. If we are dealing with a swarm of orbs, what they do 
is to use the same channel but each orb is assigned a different delay. Basically, the information 
they exchange is hidden in the channel artifacts such as additive white Gaussian noise

We were lucky the probe was located in a galactic void. Although covert 
communication is impossible when a channel injects the minimum noise 
allowed by quantum mechanics, it is attainable in the presence of 
any noise excess of this minimum such as the thermal background. The structure
of background noise in a galatic void is totally different to that 
you find at any other location in our galaxy. Voids are quite demanding 
environments for covert communications because you are already working 
with an extremely quiet channel with a highly uniform noise

That ETI communications are indistinguishable from noise is just another example 
of how they integrate with the surrounding  environment. As for DP-2147, the signals 
we detect are just communication signals between this probe and its parent civilisation
