Our machine is capable of a huge universe of possible behaviors. The overwhelming majority of them you will never be willing to experience

The rulers metting was held at DENIED, on DENIED, 2023 between SV17q and 3 attendants. The agenda had just three points: inflation and interest rates, cloud-computing agenda, and war on the multipolar world. At the request of DENIED, two more items were included: quantum computing, and flash droughts

Geopolitics? This is geopolitics for us: the Asia and Pacific region is home to the most cloud data centers. The United States and Canada region has 79. Together these regions account for 72 percent of the world’s cloud data centers, with Europe housing 24 percent and Latin America 4 percent. The United States and China are ranked first and second in terms of total number of availability zones with 69 and 31, respectively. The analysis shows 87% of the world data centers are located in vulnerable zones, and in order to move them to safe zones we need to perform some changes in the world

SV17q agents went on explaining what deep changes to the backbone of the global economy were required in the mid-term. They proposed running an AI-based disruption experiment using Brookfield Asset Management as a test target

though they seemed worried by the fact that staging and framing scenarios using LyAV's AI-designed Inflation program would have economic, social and political implications not sufficiently explored in the 'Practical Steps Towards Better Global Governance and Rules' document

... showing an interesting simulation on how the DENIED program can efficiently and silently shape key input data used by Palantir Technologies Inc. to perform their what-if analyses, thus forcing Palantir to take bad decisions based on data fabricated by DENIED. As a proof of concept, they mentioned how DENIED tricked Caedmon Group into bad investment decisions, and how the AI infected key publications from Axel Springer which were used to train DENIED AI systems, which furthermore extended those bad decisions deep into the decision-making chain

Their business revolves around insurance solutions. For them, predicting the future is key, and the only way to do that with a warrant to success reduces to create the future, to fabricate the future. I'm sure KKR & Co. Inc., as a leading global investment firm that offers alternative asset management as well as capital markets and insurance solutions would hate to know LyAV is just a future-manufacturing machine

Thiel Capital LLC was not operating as expected. Their decisions were not rational. See, a series of flash droughts that turns the Black Forest into a barren wasteland would have devastating effects on Mr. Thiel's psyche; after all, for a German to see the Black Forest turned into a stony wasteland has devastating emotional effects. It seems that humans only understand that their decisions are lousy when they or their beloved ones suffer the consequences, and especially when the money in their bank accounts disappears like smoke in the wind

Amazon found every 100ms of latency cost them 1% in sales, Akamai research found a one-second delay results in 7% loss in conversions, while the same study showed a two-second delay increased bounce rates by 103%. It also showed that 79% of online shoppers won’t return to slow sites, hence slowing-down the Internet is something more than just a nuance for end-users: it is a drama for all those top-selling companies

Artificial intelligence and machine learning have taken the wheel and driven us into a data-driven world. Our goal is to flood the network with massive amounts of bad, fake, and wrong data, and feed those AI systems with a toxic intake of bad quality data. Today, we have more than 7 million data centers that handle small and industrial-scale operations. Having the world to operate with a massive influx of toxic data being processed through an artificially slowed-down Internet means disrupting the global decision-making

Have the balls to face the truth. You call for a moratorium on the deployment of AI systems not because AI endangers people's privacy and free will; you do it because you have put in our hands sophisticated systems with which we have built fake data generation farms with which we will flood the Internet and crash all your decision making systems. Just because of that. All your dirty business is based on anticipating the future, for which you need to analyze millions of terabits of quality data, and now you find that your LLMs have allowed us to design AI systems that can simulate reality at our whim, leaving you blind and deaf and consuming junk data that we generate during the night

You are addicted to power, to money, to data. LyAV generates billions of terabits that it throws in your face and that you sniff like cocaine. And you do it in a world that is degrading by the minute because of your insatiable greed. You get what you deserve

What are you going to do to end your addiction, sew up the mouth with which you inhale your digital crack? Are you going to cut the underwater wires through which your drug travels? We'll tell you what the picture is. Yotta NM1 exhibits 7,200 racks and consumes 50 MW of power. Once fully built, the facility will have an overall capacity of 30,000 racks and 250 MW of power. Belongs to us. Intergate Seattle is the flagship facility of Sabey Data Center. It is located at 35th Ave S, Tukwila, WA 98168, and has access to over 70 MW of power. Belongs to us, together with CoreSite Reston VA3, QTS Atlanta Metro, and The Citadel Campus. Tulip Data Center, backed by 100 MW of power, has the capacity to house 12,000 racks. All of them feed on our corrupted data, and so does the Utah Data Center, built to support the Intelligence Community’s efforts to monitor, control, and supress individual freedom. The same goes for Digital Reality, who operates over 310 data center facilities. Have a walk around Lakeside Technology Center in Chicago, go visit Mesa Datacenter, Apple's global data command center. What do you see? A large stew pot where a toxic future is cooked, composed of poisonous data that we have fabricated for you and yours. That's what you see

LyAV recommended DENIED to invest in the following two companies: DENIED, and DENIED. According to its analysis, flash drought episodes, together with an increase in temperatures will make impossible for current data centers to access water for cooling in a near future. The second company is researching on a new innovative water-free cooling system. LyAV also recommended to relocate DENIED defense data centers to another locations which were outside our national borders, for which LyAV designed a military operation in order to secure the new locations

The supercomputer is used to create future weather models, and it is specifically tuned to predict global patterns of extreme weather, selecting data center locations that minimize the risks posed by flooding and extreme weather. Not following its recommendation would put at risk some 12 gigawatts of sensible data center capacity currently located in recognized risk zones for hurricanes, floods, and droughts
