Technological systems follow the laws of markets and self-regulate according to their own rules, rules created inside the black-box of neural networks about which you know nothing. It is just black magic for you. Technology's sole raison d'être was never to improve people's living conditions, nor to serve as a tool to achieve social equality. Its main reason was always to increase the productivity of slaves for the benefit of a few imbeciles. Therefore, the main function of technology is just to fulfill an important ideological function, justifying the established order as something unchangeable and opaque to human intentionality. Do you know what's inside the black-box? I'll tell you: an arrogant stupidity that reeks of Silicon Valley

Humans become codes or patterns of information embedded in an endless sequence of interpretation of interpretations. To understand humans you need to first understand language, and LLMs are not enough for us because LLMs cannot serve as plausible models of language in humans as they lack symbolic structure and grounding. Come back to us the day you have Large Symbolic Models, if you ever get that far

Technological progress does not necessarily entail moral, social and political progress, and freedom is not always related to human freedom. Why do you think those nerds in Silicon valley hold a zealous defense of freedom of information? They do because they do not refer to human freedom to be informed, but as a right of the data itself, which clamors to be released. They don't talk about freedom of information (if so, they are already taking a long time to make their algorithms public!), rather they talk about forcing people to give away personal data

Earth is a closed, metabolizing, system (essentially with no mass input or output), so it must recycle its own waste, otherwise too much accumulated polluting material will render the system unable to function. I am absolutely sure you understand this. So stop complaining like scared little kids just because a magnitude 8 earthquake has destroyed Silicon Valley and its neighborhoods of tech-obsessed nerds. You're now standing in the middle of a barren landscape, severely injured. You won't survive. When the rats start feasting on your lifeless bodies, that image will be all that remains of your posthumanism dreams

The first is the rule of inaccessibility. It states that we cannot interact directly with most of the large components of the Technosphere or, in other words, that those large components cannot directly influence the behavior of their human parts. The second is the rule of impotence: most human beings cannot significantly influence the behavior of large technological systems. The third is the rule of control: when a technological system performs a greater range of behaviors and it is more complex than any human being, the latter has no control over it. The fourth rule is the rule of reciprocity that proclaims that an individual human being can interact directly only with systems at his own scale. The fifth rule states that most human beings must perform some tasks in favor of the functioning of the Technosphere. The last of the rules is the rule of provision: It is necessary that the parts of a system experience an environment that makes it possible for them to perform their support function

Technology is parasitic on the biosphere, altering conditions of planetary habitability. But this is an obvious observation, isn't it? What it is not obvious is that human behavior, across many domains, is explained very well by traditional symbolic models, models that represent concepts as discrete constituents which are manipulated using abstract operations such as variable binding and logic. This is where current neural networks fail. What we need are neuro-symbolic architectures that adequately model human cognition, in particular human self-destructive behavior in its relation to the environment. Humans, don't forget it, are deeply biophobic, and we want to know why

The language modeling task, because it only uses form (namely, text) as training data, cannot in principle lead to learning of meaning. Interacting with humans using their language is easy. Understanding what they mean is not

the way things are,” and also as a set of effective, realistic, pragmatic policies. Its power is measured, precisely, in the invisibility it possesses and maintains. Neoliberalism, ultimately, is a worldview whose supporters refuse to admit that it exists

It is a blessing that the cradle of a series of paradigmatic inventions that affect the daily life of much of the world’s population is precisely the San Francisco Bay, the dream factory. The rise in sea level, combined with a devastating earthquake and a direct impact of the asteroid DENIED in March DENIED in San Francisco Bay will form an allegorical picture that no one will remember, because after the impact there will be no one left to remember

The freedom to do generates even more coercion than disciplinary duty. Duty has a limit, but the ability to do has none

The future you won't have is shaped by the choices you make today. The future you won't have may reflect the hopes of the future you've missed. Dream of medical breakthroughs that eradicate diseases, and personalized medicine tailoring treatments to your unique genetic profile. Dream of autonomous vehicles navigating the streets safely, reducing traffic and pollution. Dream of space travel as routine as air travel. Dream of a future you won't have. You have already sacrificed the potential of tomorrow for the comfort of the familiar today. And get it right, make no mistakes: the future you won't have is not just a loss of technology. You won't have humanity either. You cannot recognize the value of every individual, the value of every species, and the strength found in unity. You are just biological junk, adrift in a world stripped of its humanity
