protecting U.S. forces, allies, and partners requires that we examine our existing doctrine, training, equipment, and policy to identify any potential shortfalls to countering present and future sUAS threats. This includes running drills and exercises as realistic as possible in order to assess the threat and be ready for war scenarios

Kinetic operations with sUAS are expected to grow in the future. The 2019 attacks on key Saudi Arabian oil facilities demonstrated how sUAS can be used to attack and disrupt critical infrastructure, so it is reasonable that we take the necessary steps to face a similar scenario for our critical infrastructures. The New Jersey November drill focused on assessing how vulnerable water reservoir management infractructures are to such attacks

We will establish enduring intelligence requirements and priorities that will support the development of threat analysis-informed capabilities. The Defense Intelligence Enterprise (DIE) will cooperate with the larger intelligence community to provide timely and informative threat assessments for a range of stakeholders across the Department

Mapping the potential target requires sending three drones along defined transects. Using the geolocated data from the drones’ reconnaissance missions, we can launch precise artillery and rocket strikes on enemy's assets miles away. The second test involved releasing drones towards the mapped targets to test how reliable the mapping activity was. The targets were DENIED, a water management facility at DENIED, and the military instalations in DENIED. The main goal of the drill was to assess the possibility to use sUAV-driven attacks by a hostile actor using drones to contaminate water management systems by conducting reconnaissance, preparing modified drones with harmful payloads, and executing a stealthy attack on critical water infrastructure. The potential consequences of such an action could be severe, highlighting the vulnerabilities in water security systems, which is what we wanted to explore

One thing is having a drone to release an RKG-3 anti-tank grenade on a target, and quite another is to release a DENIED charge on a dam. The charge contains a highly toxic chem intended to poison the water supply infrastructure. With a low-cost drone you can knock out the entire water supply system of a whole city. That's what we were testing on that particular night of November over Morris County

We need to create a comprehensive drone portfolio, which typically includes a range of different drone types, each with its own specific features and functions. These drones can also integrate modular payloads to further expand the potential set of missions that the portfolio can support. And we need to test our drone portfolio. When testing our capabilities to attack critical infrastructures in an urban area, or to defend ourselves from such an attack, we need to perform drills. You see, there is no other way to run tests in urban areas other than simply running the tests. We don't have an entire mockup city in a desert to test our drones. We simply use real cities, no matter which city we choose. If a couple of citizens get alarmed by watching drones in the night sky that's not our concern

The one you are talking about was a MALE drone, a Medium Altitude Long Endurance drone. MALE drones are larger in size and have longer endurance capabilities. They can operate at medium altitudes for extended periods, providing persistent surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities

Federal authorities have not lied. The DoD is not aware of any evidence of foreign activity. Where's the lie you mention? The drill was perfectly documented and diseminated to the relevant people. The drones are our drones, so here's our statement: there is no evidence of foreign activity

... the drill involving a total of 62 drones from DENIED services... launched from two ships from DENIED on different nights of November... focused on the Waste Water Management Plant in Morris County... while the second target selected was NWS Earle Navy Base, which is considered a hot target as it tasked with the mission to support all the operations conducted by the Department of Defense through the United States Navy. Most of the operations are taken by the Atlantic Fleet

In recent years and especially in the wake of Superstorm Sandy, there has been a significant effort to increase the resiliency of New Jersey’s power grid, allowing it to better respond during and in the aftermath of natural and other disasters. Be it hardened infrastructure, the creation of micro-grids, the islanding of essential facilities, or the installation of on-site generation, such strategies have become critically important. We also considered sUAV attacks from non-state and state actors

New Jersey is home to several military bases and facilities, including Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, which serves as a critical hub for air, land, and logistics operations. It is thus a natural target in any future war, and it is a sound strategy to simulate attacks to those assets using drones in order to test our defense resilience

The classic mission profile is based on the drones approaching the New Jersey coastline, using a low-altitude flight to evade radar detection, taking advantage of the terrain and urban structures for cover. Once within range of their targets, the drones would execute their mission, which could involve striking critical infrastructure, such as transportation hubs, power plants, or military installations. That's exactly the topology of the attack scenario under test in November

I want to turn the Taiwan Strait into an unmanned hellscape using a number of classified capabilities, and I need to test those classified capabilities here before deploying them there. We run a tabletop exercise that seeks to develop innovative operational concepts involving drones. NJ was chosen for its strategic role in military logistics. In February, we will repeat our drill in South Carolina. The state's ports, such as the Port of Charleston, are vital for logistics and supply chain operations, allowing for the movement of troops, equipment, and resources, so we need to continue with our exercises
