At that time we were doing research on the sudden unexplained nocturnal death syndrome (SUNDS), funded by DoD within the framework of Soldier 2.0 program. As you know, dreams, daydreams, and fantasy contain varying amounts of memory and imagination images but often introduce a time factor; they deal with a series of images taking place in chronological order. Often a person cannot distinguish between reality and these inner visual experiences. DoD asked us to explore whether we could induce SUNDS into healthy people, in other words, they wanted to come up with a new psychoweapon that could be used against hostile forces. They specifically asked for us to develop weapons able to induce nightmares so vivid, detailed, and beyond the reach of conscious control that people couldn't know they are internal and therefore mistake them for events in the external world

Tests of the new weapon were ran in California, Oregon, Minnesota, Washington, Iowa, Oklahoma and Ohio, resulting in the death of 19 men and one woman, aged 21-62. The targeted subpopulation were Laotians. They all died in their sleep in the early morning hours

Twilight state imagery can be of two types. Hypnogogic when it occurs preceding sleep, and hypnopompic when it occurs just after sleep before being fully awake. The weapon we designed was of the hypnopompic type

Civilian doctors started to talk about Oriental Nightmare Death Syndrome, a rare condition according to which coroners dictaminated that four Laotians who died in St. Paul may have been literally frightened to death while having nightmares

we knew slow, rhythmic stimulation of various senses (flashing lights, electric pulse current, beeping sounds, etc., induce occurrences which result in a deviation of the normal stream of consciousness that provide a fecund condition for the development of this form of visual imagery, so we started building upon that

Soldier 2.0 is a Military Human Enhancement program. Human enhancement is defined as the process of endowing an individual with an ability that goes beyond the typical level or statistically normal range of functioning for humans generally (or the personal unenhanced capabilities of a particular individual), where the ability is either integrated into the body or is so closely worn or connected that it confers an advantage similar to an internal or organic enhancement that transforms the person

Bodily integrity? Listen, true informed consent is impossible to achieve in situations involving the military hierarchy, but even if a soldier expresses the will to exert his right to bodily integrity the will of the soldier could have been modified somehow in the first place. Yes, you never know if your will is really yours, much as the target ignores his visions has nothing to do with Reality. That's the essence of Soldier 3.0

The program was disguised as a research on behavioral responses of bears to tests of repellents, deterrents, and aversive conditioning. The weapon was developed in DENIED, Montana, from 1976 to 1984. For the outside world we were a group of experts investigating ways to reduce human—bear conflicts caused by surprise encounters and bear use of human foods. Funny, I've never seen a bear in my life, you see, but I've seen people dieing from nightmares..

The Soviets developed their mycotoxins in the 50's. They even tested their weapons exposing innocent people to them. The Dyatlov Pass incident only proved you can turn an otherwise healthy normal guy into a psycho. Ours is a totally different weapon and the only thing we have in common is that we tested it on innocent refugees, too
