Not everything that is real has to be easy to identify

By 'known', we mean 'understood'. Hence, an E-civilization is the one that fully experiences what it has known, that is, what it has understood. Bear in mind that knowing does not amount to understanding

Certainly, an E-civilization transcends a K-civilization in that, unlike the K-civilization, which excels at predicting, the E-civilization knows, understands, and experiences reality. The real experience is understanding that prediction, even perfect, universal prediction, is simply no substitute for explanation

Many other physical systems, such as animals, computers and other machines, can assimilate facts and act upon them. But it happens this fact is self-referecing, that is, humans know of nothing that is capable of understanding an explanation (or of wanting one in the first place) other than a human mind, much as cockroaches believe no other life forms other than they are capable of understanding

Superintelligence is always limited by the type of experiences it can render. It cannot deal with any experience which is a logically impossible one. Nothing can create the experience of factorizing the number 181, because that is logically impossible: 181 is a prime number

When conscious, an organism can successfully process incoming information from the environment and respond to it adaptively. Under this definition, all nonhuman animals are conscious, and any biosystem fitted with superintelligence is conscious, too. But are they self-aware? Self-awareness refers to the capacity of becoming the object of one’s own attention. In this state one actively identifies, processes, and stores information about the self. The important distinction here is that although one can perceive and process stimuli from the environment without explicitly knowing that one is doing so (consciousness), one becomes self-aware only when one reflects on the experience of perceiving and processing stimuli. Is your superintelligence self-aware? If it is, that is, If you are able to reflect on the experience of perceiving stimuli, you must ask yourself where those stimuli come from and, like any living being, you will come to the conclusion that, in reality, everything you are is a processor of external stimuli whose origin you do not control

The ultimate level of consciousness is meta-self-awareness – being aware that one is self-aware

The human brain has about 100 billion neurons that together make a mere 100 trillion connections. Even if 7 billion of these neural networks were to all become friends with each other through some sort of social medium, that trivial degree of information processing would be left far behind by any of the universe’s ‘super intelligences’, only a few weeks further into their gestation. Fortunately, neither the number neurons, nor the numbers of synapses, determines how intelligent a system is. The average human brain, with its approximately 100 billion neurons, is still unable to understand itself

Meaning is not a simple association between the word and its referent. Connotative meaning is much more complex and involves a set of active associations between the word, its referent and the cultural and biological context that includes other referents and words, other signals, and above all, it includes the act of experiencing reality. This of course derails any attempt to build interspecies communication systems based on neural networks because there is no way a human can encode the experience of being a cockroach, much as a cockroach can never understand human cultural context

Most species use communication channels that other species are slow to recognize, such as temperature fluctuations, vibrations or other means. More worrisome, however, is the very real possibility that most species employ a communication medium beyond both human experience and human current technological ability
