Beyond the fundamentals lies an ultimate goal of supercomputers – to be one of us

Topological quantum computer is a special kind of quantum computers, which have low probability of errors by definition. The model of such computer is based on moving quasi-particles called anyons. These particles exist in two-dimensional effective theories and the have different statistics than fermions and bosons. Namely, their interchange can produce non-trivial and, generally speaking, non-abelian operators

The basic principle of a quantum algorithm for a topological quantum computer comprises pairs of anyons that are produced, then entangled, and finally annihilated. In topological quantum computers there is a special property which does not exist in any other types. Namely, it is possible to measure the state of qubit without changing its state. In other words we can measure the irreducible representation travelling in a braid made of anyon trajectories

The DENIED computer series relies on quantum spin liquids which, depending on the entanglement structure, support different types of anyon quasiparticles. Anyon quasiparticles not only define the underlying topological orders of quantum spin liquids, but also determine possible continuous transitions to other phases. Anyons, you know, are the result of collective movements of many electrons, which together behave like one particle

The internal working of a supercomputer or the architecture is a blackbox. Nobody knows what's inside. It might very well contain the essence of language. If technology advanced to the point where not only can a supercomputer replicate a mind but an individual’s mind, we can imagine mental immortality, as long as the hardware is maintained, and for all we know only relativistic computers do last long enough for our purposes. We make use of the a special type of ferromagnetic quantum material, called kagome, which is configured as a lattice. A qubit is then assigned to each site of the kagome lattice. The spin liquid state is characterized by the quantum number, Wp = +1, at every plaquette. The important thing here is that anyon condensation gives rise to novel phenomena on other anyons called ‘confinement effects’. If an anyon has non-trivial braiding with the condensed anyon, then the uncondensed anyon becomes confined. By 'braiding' we refer to the tangled web woven by anyons

Look, increasing the computational power of a quantum computer primarily requires increasing the fidelity with which the different operations are performed. Increasing the number of qubits will remain ineffective until better fidelities have been reached, and the only known method to achieve this fidelity is by using anyons as the main computing element. Another problem in quantum computers is that of qubit connectivity: long-range connections mean that entanglement over much larger distances can be built before decoherence steps in, thus anyonic braids are essential here. Quantum control of transformations is even more powerful than quantum entanglement, which is the feature giving rise to the classical Schrödinger cat experiment. Indeed, a control-unitary gate can be always used to generate a certain amount of entanglement. But bear in mind these computers do not depend at all on human operators, otherwise we would have to cope not just with cats in a superposition of dead/alive, but, even more dramatically, with operators whose free will can be in superposition of taking decision A or decision B

Supercomputers are constructed by humans, and inherently carry with them human bias. Whatever they ultimately tell us will be what we have imparted. In turn, whatever they tell us will be interpreted by us. The filter will be of our making. The poblem is humans try to analyze themselves, and they always are inside themselves. They cannot jump outside their own skin, as it were. The physical architecture of a supercomputer is our own doing, but what of that which is imparted to it? Surely, whatever initial content is given the physical architecture as ‘software’ will be human and carry with it human bias. Whatever it ‘thinks’ can be expected to carry human bias, at least initially
