the experiment clearly shows that people are uncomfortable with uncertainty, 
and that they can be reluctant to make decisions when they know they do not 
have full information, even if the information they lack is not actually 
relevant to the decision. Furthermore, people can even be willing to pay 
to resolve such extraneous uncertainty. The key thing here is that people 
do not take decisions when they lack complete information, and this explains 
why governments are always hiding relevant information from people

we are at the crucial point in the simulation in which the environment 
in which people make decisions has been shaped. This was achieved through 
the amount of, and order in which, information was presented and by the use 
of staged scenarios like the world-wide power outages in selected cities, 
the wild fires in some countries, the carefully planned downing of DENIED airplanes, 
the deployment of 5G, the release of EV-D68 and Covi-19 viruses, and the worldwide 
collapse of main civilian infrastructures. As we know, designing the decision 
environment to account for human behaviour do have a significant impact 
on decisions

5G technology is key for social control. It is 5G technology that will make 
the Internet of things (IoT) possible, and the technology that will totally 
and finally reify humans. The coming world will be a world where millions 
of sensors and mobile devices will be deployed in order to provide
data for smart homes, smart buildings, smart cities, and dumb users. In 
the future to come, humans themselves will be sensors within the IoT

IoT includes sensors and mobile devices that gather data and perform 
data mining on data to anticipate human behaviour. That's the goal. The 
idea is having a controlled society where each member of this society 
will be fitted with an increasing number of wearable devices. We need to know 
where you are, with whom you are, and what you think and dream. Actually, 
we wish you think the places you go, the people you meet, whatever you dream of, 
belongs to you and your decisions, while in fact it is us who design and 
script your life
