Virtual customer premises equipment (vCPE) is a way to deliver network services such as routing, firewall security and virtual private network connectivity to enterprises by using software rather than dedicated hardware devices. By virtualizing CPE, providers can dramatically simplify and accelerate service delivery, remotely configuring and managing devices and allowing customers to order new services or adjust existing ones on demand

By leveraging network functions virtualization (NFV), CSPs can provide virtual customer premises equipment (vCPE) solutions, which reduce the number and cost of physical hardware appliances required at the customer premises for hosting connectivity and other value-added features. By deploying a smaller number of powerful general processing platforms either locally at the customer's premises or in a centralized data center, CSPs can remotely instantiate, configure, and manage a variety of features and functions that were once deployed on dedicated hardware platforms

to therefore create a task force in order to have the entire population moved to vCPE by the end of 2025; a critical group shall also be set up with the goal to state criticism to the vCPE approach on the basis of unreal cost analysis, link tromboning, and other minor technical issues. Measures should be taken to reduce the risk of antiglobalists campaigns against vCPE

The testbed used was a Vyatta 5600 vRouter on a commercial off-the-shelf based x86 server within a Red Hat KVM environment, and the tests showed that full control of the user's home network is possible up to the point of even changing the time stamp in each and all of his digital devices. This hack would represent a devastating effect if the target were a critical infrastructure command and control center, or a hospital

Virtual Customer Premises Equipment (vCPE) builds on the trend of transforming previously hardware-based operations into virtual, software-based functions. In this case, customer premises equipment such as routers, firewalls, VPNs, and Network Address Translation (NAT) that used to require dedicated hardware is now moving to virtual, software-based functions

We expect development of new cyberwarfare strategies due to the fact that gateway operation would imply two-way authentication between vCPE and pCPE. These strategies would include -but won't be limited to- man in the middle attacks between vCPE and pCPE

Routers are the essential workhorse of modern computer networking, hence free access to anyone's router is a must. Compromising a router is old school. The new idea is to turn routers into vCPEs. Cloud computing, geolocalization through cell phone, bitcoins, and vCPE is all we need to keep people under control

it's not about greediness, money, or power. It's about controlling a large portion of the population in order to face with some probability of success the coming doomsday. Globalization is not about money, it is about responding as a united world to a terminal threat. No time to discuss about sovereign rights of this and that nation, no time to discuss about human rights: we need to be militarized to respond to the global anarchy in a post-attack world
