The delicate balance of the Earth's ecosystems has been disrupted, and your dream of large-scale solar panel arrays and wind farms covering vast swaths of land turned into a nightmare, displacing natural habitats and disrupting local ecosystems. This loss of biodiversity has cascading effects on the environment, leading to the decline of crucial species and disruption of ecosystems. You wanted a green future, and now you have a dark present

It is crucial to recognize the limitations of green technologies and adopt a more holistic approach to sustainability that addresses not only technological solutions but also social, economic and environmental factors. But you totally ignore social issues, you just focus on profits for a bunch of investors, and you never really loved your planet. Confess, you hate your planet

The failure of green technologies to address the root causes of environmental degradation ultimately accelerates overall planet degradation. The misconception that technology alone can save the planet leads to complacency and a lack of meaningful action to address systemic issues such as overconsumption and unequal distribution of resources. That's the root cause of your environmental degradation: social inequality

What did you learn from your experiments setting up entire all-green communities as a proxy for future cities? You learned that green technologies drive a shift towards a more consumerist and materialistic society. People in those experimental cities of yours became increasingly reliant on technology and gadgets, which led to a surge in electronic waste and energy consumption. Providing cheap energy to the population makes the population forget about the rational use of that energy and, finally, all your green technology becomes a factor that accelerates destruction

Western governments and corporations have invested heavily in green initiatives. There is so much money in this industry that no one wants to hear that the green emperor is actually naked. You can paint the darkness green, but that won't bring you light

That green energies only work in today's climate, but are totally useless in the future climate, is the best-kept secret of the main investors who today do business with what is nothing more than the creepy-clothes of the hucksters

You dropped once two atomic bombs to avoid the prolongation of a war that was going to cost more dead than those who died with those bombs, and now you face exactly the same dilemma: either you sow your planet with nuclear power plants, or in the future the only green energy that will exist will come from the photosynthesis of plants on your grave

As parts of the world begin to wean off fossil fuels, our current fuel supply would become cheaper and cheaper, so cheap that overconsumption will soar. And you know what civilizations die of: over-consumption and over-inequality. Fuck, giving humans cheap energy is like putting a cokehead to guard a cocaine storage
