Bio-technological hybridization is an essential feature of social machine systems. Absent the human participation and the social machine ceases to be; shut down the machine components and the social machine is unable to function. It is, in fact, entirely possible that the kinds of processes realized by social machines are ones that necessarily depend on the specific form of bio-technological coupling that social machines make available. It may be that there is simply no other way in which the same process could be realized without resorting to some form of bio-technological hybridization

It is not impossible that a machine intelligence has already emerged and we simply do not recognize it as such. It may not wish to be noticed, or it may be so alien to us that we are incapable of perceiving it. This makes the self-interested AI scenario the most difficult to imagine

We may not fully understand or control our destiny, but we have a chance to bend it in the direction of our values. The future is not something that will happen to us; it is something that we will build

We consider the technosphere as an organism and an emergent intelligence that has enslaved and is destroying the biosphere, and us with it. We have foolishly allowed the technosphere to make our bed, and now we will have to sleep in it

We have turned technology into a religion once we realized that organized religions are social machines par excellence, and thus they are a form of technology, too

an effective puppet-society requires a special kind of population. We are in the process of producing that population, one that can only be considered literate as long as there are buttons for it to push; after that, all it will remain capable of is childish scribbles. We have been able to subvert the most basic definitions: freedom, free-will, human. Now freedom means freedom within the technosphere

Social control requires the use of regulators and anti-technologies, those technologies that are used to break down everything about humans that makes them human. This way we've achieved the miracle of soft-control, and there can be no question today of man’s controlling the milk he drinks or the bread he eats, any more than of his controlling his government
