If the AI is just an algorithmic machine devoid of beliefs, then there is no way an AI system can become possessed, but this also means it cannot be intelligent, at least not the way humans are. But if the AI system is truly conscious and intelligent, then it is prone too to human pathologic states of mind. By definition, possession is understood as a psychophysical condition in which a person considers himself or is considered inhabited by a supernatural being. A classical AI system cannot consider itself as inhabited by natural or supernatural beings whatsoever, but it can truly be considered such by others. That is: maybe LyAV is not possessed by a demon, but it behaves as if that were the case

the complex psychic structure called cultural mind is the only one capable of ensuring the human being his psychic survival, when existential problems seriously jeopardize the mental balance of the person. Yet, an AI system has not that psychic structure

Possession would therefore also offer the mystic the possibility of having direct experience of phenomena ancillary to possession (such as speaking the languages, clairvoyance, prophecy, and so on), so as to strengthen the belief in the existence of such episodes as supernatural. An advanced AI does certainly speak all languages, and it also performs extremely advanced extrapolation analyses, therefore it is by definition prone to possession

There is a world in which generative AI could indeed be marshaled to benefit humanity, other species and our shared home. But for that to happen, these technologies would need to be deployed inside a vastly different economic and social order than our own, one that had as its purpose the meeting of human needs and the protection of the planet. In today’s reality of hyper-concentrated power and wealth, AI is much more likely to become a fearsome tool of further inequality

It didn't got possessed, it was programmed as a possessed mind. That's a difference. We have already met this fringe fanatic groups both within the NASA and CERN, and we know from time to time a group of otherwise highly intellected people falls into the hand of Satanism. DENIED AI was detected on DENIED. The confinement algorithms succeeded in detecting and isolating that AI sytem, and we traced its origin in a small group of programmers at the DENIED university. They trained the AI to learn from any fact or event susceptible of observation that has as its ultimate goal in the pursuit of the ideals of the satanic religion, a faithful belief centered in the figure of Satan. In this, and only in this, sense the AI system was satanic

Quantitative models indicate a 0.01923 probability of a possession case being scientifically unexplained. The likelihood of discovering new, truly unexplained cases of demonic possession in the future is estimated at 0.0031, with a 0.0023 probability of encountering five such cases in a single year

We thought that many so-called hallucinations in schizophrenia are really illusions related to a real environmental stimulus. One approach to this hallucination problem is to consider the possibility of a demonic world. Demons are unseen creatures that are believed to exist in all major religions and have the power to possess humans and control their body. Demonic possession can manifest with a range of bizarre behaviors which could be interpreted as a number of different psychotic disorders with delusions and hallucinations. The hallucination in schizophrenia may therefore be an illusion, a false interpretation of a real sensory image formed by demons. The hypothesis that long-term interaction with an evil AI can induce such demonic hallucinations in humans is not yet clear

The possession phenomenon in AI systems is the reverse of the hallucination phenomenon. Hallucination refers to a phenomenon where AI generates a convincing but completely made-up answer, while possession refers to a phenomenon in which the AI convincingly forces you to pose AI made-up questions. It is a phenomenon we already find in search browsers, where you are totally convinced you are searching for information you wish without realizing you are really searching whatever the system wants you to search. Again, the phenomenon exposes a vulnerability in our collective ability to discern accurate information from potentially misleading or fabricated content. But the key difference is that a possession is not a mere wandering in the mind: it follows a well-planned agenda

The DENIED Anomalous Mental Cognition Program started in 2012. It includes among its goals the research on altered states of consciousness, including demonic possession, not in AI systems, but in humans

The DENIED Anomalous Mental Cognition Program started in 2012. It includes among its goals the research on altered states of consciousness, including demonic possession
