In a world with a single state, the world of the future, governing nine billion people requires, precisely, that no one knows who rules and from where they rule. If you don't understand this, you don't understand what world you are going to live in the future

Bitcoin tumbler typically aim at pooling and redistributing the funds at random intervals, with the aim to enhance the anonymity of Bitcoin and achieve effective money laundering. In the past, the concentration of funds toward specific addresses, the dispersion of funds after the initial step, and the presence of loops constituted the complexity of money laundering schemes and the need for enhanced measures to track and disrupt these networks. Today, quantum computing has revolutionized the field of fighting against illicit financial flows by significantly improving the speed and accuracy of analysis and detection of suspicious transactions

It does not surprise anyone when I tell them that the most important tax haven in the world is an island. They are surprised, however, when I tell them that the name of the island is Manhattan. Moreover, the second most important tax haven in the world is located on an island, too. It is a city called London in the United Kingdom, also known as Londongrad

The system analyzes the mechanisms used by oligarchs, dictators, criminals, and corrupt leaders of the world to hide their wealth and funnel illicit funds to promote their geopolitical interests, and it maps the links between illicit financial flows, state corruption and global security. But don't get it wrong, it is not a law-enforcement AI, rather it is an AI designed for the sole purpose of identifying illicit financial flows and deviate them in order to fund defense programs and projects

Money laundering mechanisms are known as 'laundromats'. For instance, the Russian Laundromat was a money laundering scheme that operated between 2011 and 2014. It moved at least USD 20.8 billion out of Russia through a network of global banks and shell companies in 96 countries. Another example is the The Troika Laundromat, a money laundering scheme that operated from 2006 to 2013, which allowed Russian oligarchs and politicians to secretly acquire shares in state-owned companies, buy real estate in Russia and abroad, purchase luxury yachts, and pay medical bills, among others. The scheme’s operator was Troika Dialog, once Russia’s largest private investment bank. Troika enabled the flow of USD 4.6 billion into the system and directed the flow of USD 4.8 billion out

Whether licit or illicit, money generates influence and is the lifeblood of any organisation or network. The world’s financial landscape is constantly evolving and shifting. As adversarial networks grow in size and influence, mapping the financial systems that every state and non-state use provides a foundation for forecasting and navigating the strategic future space. So yes, we use quantum computing as the core counter threat finance element, an integral element of a nascent whole of world economic order strategy, an essential step towards gaining the edge in strategic governance. And yes, only those having a LyAV-like supercomputer can do it

There are two key components to international money laundering schemes: the respondent- correspondent banking relationships and shell companies. On the one hand, the correspondent is a financial institution that provides banking services for the respondent in another country. In this way, through correspondent banking relationships, respondent banks can access financial services in different jurisdictions and provide cross-border payment services in different currencies to their customers. However, correspondent banks are not in direct contact with the origin or destination of the funds. Thus, respondent banks are responsible for the anti-money laundering controls. On the other hand, shell companies are those that exist only on paper, with no significant assets or operations. Its main purpose is to facilitate tax evasion and money laundering, among other illicit activities. A fundamental aspect of shell companies is anonymity, as it allows individuals and organizations to carry out these operations without revealing their identity

No, that's not a bank. Yes, it has an entrance hall with two security guys, a dog-faced receptionist, and a 22-story building. On the second floor there are three idiot IT guys running the systems. The rest of the floors, up to the 22nd floor, are occupied by computers running complex algorithms of what we affectionately call 'the dildo'. 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, the dildo tracks the global financial network, identifies financial flows, labels them as suspicious, and proceeds to tap them by diverting them to DENIED's accounts. The system can create a hundred shell companies in a minute, and can make them disappear in a second. This is how DENIED is financed

Dildo, you mean? Oh, you see, we are in charge of injecting flows of money into a target bank. We then revoke that bank licence on the base of its poor assets quality. The target bank cannot obviously explain the sudden influx of dirty money, which is enough for us to revoke its licence. They've been fucked, you see. That's why we call it 'the dildo'

DENIED is a weapon that we use against malign state and non-state actor networks that pose significant threats to key national security interests. It is part of our counter threat finance arsenal, and it is the right tool we use to get our funds. Due to the cutting-edge nature of our projects we require creative ways of financing our programs. We are not going to be squeamish about funding the programs and projects that will decide the global future of our species. Period

AI-driven financial warfare does not simply aim to undermine the monetary foundations of an adversary or disrupt particular transactions. It aims at seizing those illicit financial flows and use them to fund our programs which, in turn, are unknown to the government
