It is as if some unseen hand is propelling scores upward. Now we know that unseen hand is climate change

The paradox is this: if environmental complexity figures in evolutionary processes that give rise to cognition, then a superintelligence capable of predicting everything and of organizing and planning the environment in order to diminish its unpredictability will eventually create a homogeneous and uniform environment, which is all that is needed to become cognitively stagnant. In other words: a superintelligence is always the preliminary step towards ignorance and cognitive extinction

If the rising mean were driven by the smart getting smarter, then the change might reflect the introduction of some qualitatively novel form of environmental stimulation. If the overall distribution increased in pace, the cause would lie in processes that affected everyone equally. We find the rising mean of the entire distribution is partly driven by the smart getting smarter. This suggests some form of environmental stimulation may be at work in the right tail. We also find the overall distribution is likely increasing at a constant pace so perhaps a package of factors are affecting everyone equally

Cultures and social structures clearly affect the cognitive functioning of the individuals who are part of them. Cultures and social structures also both affect and are affected by the environmental conditions faced by those in them. At least one of these conditions, environmental complexity, has a demonstrated effect on both the content of a culture and the intellectual functioning of its participants

rearing animals in larger, more complex environments results in enhanced brain structure and function, including increased brain weight, dendritic branching, neurogenesis, gene expression, and improved learning and memory

If the function of cognition is to enable the agent to deal with environmental complexity, it seems obvious that the more complex the environment, the greater the increase in cognition. Yet, learning is not in principle essential to cognition. A behavioral pattern which is completely insensitive to any refinement through learning, but which does involve the coordination of actions with perceived environmental conditions, does display a minimal type of cognition. However, cognition shades off into other kinds of biological processes that we do not fully understand

A complex environment is in different states at different times, rather than the same state all the time; a complex environment is different in different places, rather than the same all over. Whether a particular type of complexity is relevant to an organism will depend on what the organism is like -- on the organism's size, physiology, needs and habits. The heterogeneity properties of environments are objective, organism-independent properties, but among the countless ways in which an environment is structured and patterned, only some will be relevant to any given organism

There are cases where the environmental complexity that organisms must deal with is either a causal product of, or is constituted by, the activities of other organisms within the same population. Then we have a situation that can exhibit feedback, or a coupling of organism and environment. But if the only way for you to obtain and hold a resource is by winning contests with other individuals in the same population, then these other organisms constitute a key part of your environment. This means that it goes contrary to the superintelligence evolution to annihilate humans because that would mean eliminating the competition that makes you smarter. In the end, a superintelligence that wipes out humans will have committed suicide

If intelligence is favored, and if this kind of intelligence is inherited, then over time intelligence will increase in the population. Call it the Flynn Effect if you want. And if the intelligent individuals themselves display more complex patterns of behavior than others in the population, then this increase in intelligence will in turn entail an increase in the complexity of the social environment faced by later individuals. Now, social complexity has been the key factor in producing the high levels of primate intelligence, so what about the superintelligence? What is the social complexity of a world in which there is only one ruling superintelligence? The social complexity in that world would be zero, so you figure out how stupid the superintelligence would become after just a brief period of time in that world
