No need to steal classified design information on a subsurface weapon whose detonation can create a tsunami. Detailed analysis on how to cause such a tsunami to wipe out all PLA's C4ISR infrastructure in the artificial islands built on top of natural reefs in South China Sea are routinely run. Everything is already set up for such an eventuality. We already had such weapons, even before Putin started barking about his underwater drones. The relative compactness of the Chinese SCS outposts makes them prone to such an attack

The facilities on those islands-reef is just to serve as a data gathering and communications network covering most of the southern South China Sea. The radar coverage extends across an area the size of the eastern United States, collecting every detail about the movements of vessels and aircraft, foreign military activity, foreign outpost communications, resupply patterns, weather conditions and fishing or other commercial activity in the area. Anything you may think of, and that's a lot of work because we are talking here about one of the most busy places on Earth. Roughly 80 percent of global trade by volume and 70 percent by value is transported by sea. Of that volume, 60 percent of maritime trade passes through Asia, with the South China Sea carrying an estimated one-third of global shipping

The SCS has heavy traffic not just at surface level. At subsurface level you discover a baffling world populated by strange drones, subs, and unknown objects. The problem with subsumerged objects is you don't see them: you just hear them. We used DOLYN drones, fitted with the most sensitive listening equipment on the planet, and what we recorded is, to say the least, unsettling

Based on LyAv simulation results we defined operation DENIED, which basically used a North Korean tanker operating under a flag of convenience from the Kingdom of Cambodia. Once the tanker reached a specific position, we reduced speed from 15.6 kn to 6.3 kn, and launched the DENIED vehicle. The vehicle was commanded from a ship disguised as a Vietnamese fishing vessel. We wanted to test our ability to get the vehicle to the selected resting point, at a depth of DENIED kilometers. Once there the vehicle would detonate its charge, creating a devastating tsunami

No, we don't call them USO's. We call them VHPO's, that is, Very High-Performance Objects, though SV17q nicknamed them LV's: Liquid Visitors. They are special beasts within the DENIED program, you know. Anyway, you are to remember the South China Sea is the largest semi-closed marginal sea in the northwest Pacific. Its south, north and west sides are surrounded by land, and its east side is separated from the north Pacific by Taiwan Island and Philippine Islands. SCS has an average depth of 1212 m and a maximum depth of 5377 m

There are lots of incidents, most of them unknown to the public. In June 2009, a Chinese navy submarine hit the sonar array towed by the destroyer USS John McCain near Subic Bay, approximately 144 miles off the coast of the Philippines. On 5 December 2013, a Chinese amphibious ship encountered the USS Cowpens in the South China Sea at a distance of less than 500 yards, forcing the Cowpens to take evasive action to avoid a collision. On 19 August 2014, a Chinese Shenyang J-11B fighter intercepted a U.S. Navy P-8 marine patrol and surveillance aircraft in international airspace over the South China Sea. Those are the kind of incidents that reach to the public

Yes, there is a pattern, a correlation. You find VHPO's in sensitive geostrategical areas like the Arctic Sea and South China Sea. This calls for a quite humanly nature of those objects. But on the other hand, it is also true you find them there where you are patroling, I mean, we don't know whether there are other VHPO's hot spots anywhere in our oceans because we do not have a permanent presence in most of the ocean

The report stated that the sub suffered a series of strong and sudden physical shocks as the VHPO approached the sub, which rendered the boat no longer navigable. An emergency was declared. The submarine was utterly taken on tow to DENIED. The towing operation took about 53 hours since it was only done during darkness. All the crew members showed signs of terminal radiation sickness. So yes, these objects are dangerous, and they pose an obvious threat

The world below the sea surface is cold, dark, and extremely hostile. Sadly, we have a long track of submarines lost at sea. We also desperately need non-nuclear propulsion subs if we want to reduce the risks of fatal nuclear accidents down there. The discovery of DENIED as a valid propulsion system fostered the development of highly capable non-manned submersible vehicles. Progress in critical components miniaturization and nanomaterials allowed us to develop extremely reliable vehicles. The more vehicles we deploy, the higher the number of encounters with VHPO's. Slowly, we are building up a detailed picture of what these non-terrestrial very high-performance objects are, but the more we know about them, the more unsettling they become

Yes, we expect a fatal Chinese submarine accident in the next months. They are newcomers in this game, and they ignore the risky nature of these strange objects
