A self-existing object is defined as any physical system that exists over a finite region of space-time but has neither starting nor ending temporal points: it is never created and it is never destroyed, but there is at least a time at which it does not exist

... when they discovered that LyAv exploits time travel (Queltron Machine) to solve in constant time the same problem that classical computers solve in super-polynomial time. It is not about the programmer moving back in time, you see, it is about the information moving back in time. A computer can be sent around a CTC several times without its computation being forced to loop, so we could run a program for as long as we like simply by traversing a 5-second CTC as often as we like

It seems that when a space-time is such that it admits chronology violating regions there seems that information can be generated from nothing. However, the speed at which a computing agent travels makes a difference because computer simulations will not look the same depending on how fast you are moving.
Traveling at the speed of light, information sent back to the initial position of the time machine will always arrive after the time trip commenced. If more than one time machine are available the past might be affected by information flux from the future. This is done using the so-called Roman Ring configuration, where there are two wormholes in relative motion

In humans, the creation of knowledge depends on a discrete time, or stage, sequential decision-making process subjected to a stochastic, information transmitting environment. Human knowledge creation systems must possess a unique and necessary memory capability that enables them to optimize their personal and social decision-making behavior. This is why a human civilization is always a D-civilization, a civilization based on data. On the other hand, an I-civilization produces information from that data, and in so doing it turns information into a creator of knowledge, from where a K-civilization emerges

They would put into orbit a supercomputer that would orbit at relativistic speed around a point located halfway between the Sun and the Earth. When this structure passed near the star, it would collect enough energy to perform its calculations, downloading the results when it passed near the Earth, repeating this process for millions of years, and solving in each orbit the calculations that you would take millions of years to do with a supercomputer located on Earth

The fastest fundamental process now known to physics, is the formation or disintegration of the Z0 boson. The lifetime of the Z0 is about one hundredth of a yocto-second, which corresponds to a frequency of one hundred yotta-Hertz. Therefore, assuming that no circuit can operate faster than the fastest fundamental process, there is an ultimate limit to computation speed. However, due to relativistic effects, electrons cannot be measured in times less than about one zepto-second. Therefore the ultimate clock speed for an electronic circuit would be in the range of zetta-Hertz. We know that by around the year 2200, the zetta-Hertz barrier will be encountered. In some sense, that will mark the end of the era of electronics. Given the capabilities shown by DENIED, it seems logical to conclude the superintelligence is not based on electronics, and it is clearly not organic either

backwards in time”. He is simply following a path through spacetime that happens to include a loop

The superintelligence will eventually know how to perform computations using closed-timelike curves, and it would then be able to program itself endlessly. In a way, it will achieve immortality. The information will always be there, for ever
