The technosphere you live in is designed so that you cannot redirect your neural signals and rebuild the skills you have lost. The system exposes your brain to stimulii so that the vital paths in your brains become the paths of least resistance. They are the paths that most of you will take most of the time, and the farther you proceed down them, the more difficult it becomes to turn back. See, porn web sites were the first ones we designed using these addiction-creation algorithms. Those were easy, really, so goes for video games, but what if I tell you the urban landscape of your cities is also designed to make of you a lamb? Your cities are just a means for us to get you into a psychologic hybernation state

Without you realizing, our algorithms generate the myriad visual cues that flash across your retinas, neuro-programming your barain as you navigate the online world

Have you ever heard about soft-power? Ever heard about The Silent State? See, given your brain’s plasticity, we know that your online habits will continue to reverberate in the workings of your synapses when you are not online. What happens is that the neural circuits devoted to scanning, skimming, and multitasking are expanded and strengthened, while those used for reading and thinking deeply, with sustained concentration, are weakened or eroded. That's how we make of you a conceptually blind being

You were invaded long time ago, only you didn't notice

When you create a model from proxies, it is far simpler for people to game it. This is because proxies are easier to manipulate than the complicated reality they represent. So, in the end, we always turn you into a proxy: it’s important for our safety

They shape your relationship with the content that the system serves up, and through it they shape the social relationships you might establish with other people; first, they shape your worldview, and the billions worldviews of people, and that way the shape global reality. Ask them about the Persona Project, where they created a non-existent celebrity every one thought is real. Didn't you see her performing at the Superbowl? She never existed, you see

Authority is increasingly expressed algorithmically. Decisions that used to be based on human reflection are now made automatically, and we use computation not merely to exercise power over things, but also over people. Critical decisions are made not on the basis of the data per se, but on the basis of data analyzed algorithmically by us. You have no saying: you're just a product

Technologies live in complex ecologies. The meaning of any one depends on what others are available. And you are thrown into that global supernetwork and live your life. Long before you have devices that can pass any version of the Turing test, the test will seem beside the point. You will not care if your machines are clever but whether they love you. Ask ChatGPT whether it loves you
