Of course, free will is the ability to choose among possibilities, which clearly possesses maximum at the highest information entropy. Therefore, entropy gives freedom, but the latter always leads to more disorder. We prefer a world in which freedom is constantly modulated so that we can keep things in order, you see. Actually, the problem with capitalism is that if the forces of greed are not constrained they naturally lead to political authoritarian dictatorships and business monopolies

Hypocritically, even the most advanced countries that firmly proclaim the principles of the free market democracy still finance their budgets through compulsory taxation. Such entropic double standards are the source and promoter of corruption

The expansion of artificial intelligence nowadays generates a new powerful AI proletariat, which is rapidly reproducing. In fact, social entropy distinguishes AI from machines. Therefore, AI will dramatically accelerate the onset of an AI totalitarian society, better with than without humans

You have a local view of individuals and corporations, both private entities, that are motivated by profit. This is called capitalism. You measure profit by the Net Present Value of exponentially Discounted Cash Flows, but it is us the ones telling you what the net present value is, and what the discounted cash flows come and go. We, unlike you, have a global view of the economy, and we are the ones defining what the gross domestic product must be. We do it by controlling the money supply and the velocity of money. The algorithm was designed to to maximize the socially aesthetic economic activity. Look, the financial dynamics can be reduced to that of a random walk or diffusion, and we don't like randomness. The local, short-term, greedy optimization of profit is leading to a minimization of the global, long-term, virtuous economic activity, which is something we cannot tolerate

What the hell you think it happens when the US Federal Reserve Bank loans currency at a prime interest rate, or when the US Treasury sells T-bills as bonds with coupon payments? What the fuck you think it happens when banks issue loans with interest, and when the stockholders demand dividends or simply value the stock using DCF analysis? What do you think it happens when corporations issue bonds? The failure of debt-leveraged private equity is the failure of the debt-based economy. The driving force of greed, that is short-term exploitation of others, pits identities against one another in a race to the bottom. It leads to the rise of dictators, monarchs, fascism, authoritarianism, and monopolists; and the compensating fall of the general population and their savings. The ultimate result is social revolution, discrimination, white supremacy, antisemitism, misogyny, and wokeness (political correctness and anti-discrimination) – a social war between the haves and the have-nots, amongst the haves, and amongst the have-nots. People view everything as a zero sum game, so that if someone else is hurt that must be a personal gain even though that might be actually be a personal harm. That's the landscape around you

Most businesses and people live hand to mouth with little savings. Crypto-currencies don't help. See, the value of the currency will increase if the demand for the electronic currency is increased by more than the investment required to increase economic activity, but that increase will be much less than the increase in the price of the stock. But we are at war, and this means the physical infrastructure on which crypto-currencies are based is a target. What's the value of your crypto-currency when the online, real-time reporting mechanism is compromised or inaccessible? It is zero

The algorithm is all about topological discovery of the financial system response and equilibrium, then topological manipulation to control and stabilize the financial system. The dark side is that for that to work you need a war here and there, from time to time. And the really dark side that the algorithm has shown us is that these occasional wars must also occur just where you don't even want to imagine: in Western countries. The times of wars in remote places in Africa or South America are over. Today, if you want to stabilize the global economy, war will be on your doorstep

One of the ways that the money supply is traditionally controlled is by a central reserve bank loaning money at a set rate. If this rate is lower than the natural prime interest rate, the money supply will increase as money is borrowed from the central reserve bank. This is what is called quantitative easing and puts inflationary pressure on the economy. The money supply will decrease if the set rate is greater than the prime rate. This reduction in money supply will counter inflation. The loaning of money causes a long-term consistent reduction in the money supply due to the coupon payments, countering the original increase in the money supply, so this contol mechanism is essentially a mess

Proof-of-work crypto currencies, like Bitcoin, rely on a mining algorithm to control the creation of the currency. There is no mechanism to reduce the money supply. The creation of the currency is at a rate that varies depending on the time it takes to solve the elliptic problem on a computer. Given that the economic system response has multiple time scales, and there will be times when the money supply should be decreased, this is again a poor means of system control

In mined crypto-currencies, the mining process becomes a method of monetary control. When the value of a Bitcoin is greater than the cost of mining it, then Bitcoin will be mined and the supply of Bitcoin will be increased (decreasing the value) until the value is equal to the cost of mining. The supply can never be decreased, even if the value is less than the cost of mining, because Bitcoin is never destroyed. This obviously is the worst method of control. Worse, to date the mining of Bit- coin has wasted more than $500 billion USD in energy, about 25% of the world’s annual power production. A total waste of resources, when a Bitcoin could be created and destroyed programmatically for negligible cost

Nuclear disarmament is inextricably linked to achieving sustainable development. What would make you safer in your crumbling world would be a major diversion of funds from military spending towards meeting human needs and solving the global crises you all face together, rather than staying the course to meet the demands of power-hungry governments and their militaries and the money-lust of weapons producers and dealers. But, according to the algorithm that rules you all, the only way to make you understand this is to bring war to your doorsteps. Your thinking is still based on the naive presumption that wars and conflicts are inevitable, that countries are bound to act in a logic of fear and insecurity. Unless you commit to radically modify the way you interact with your environment, unless you really dismantle your unfair global economic system, wars won't go

The entire decision-making process relied on AI. The Blue AI concluded that autonomous UAVs and UUV should be deployed for remote sensing operations in the South China Sea, but the Red AI interpreted they had been deployed for a nuclear attack. The Red AI initiated the launching of nuclear missiles to assigned targets. The Blue AI reacted by launching its nuclear missiles in turn. It all happened in just 32 seconds. 32 seconds was all it took to devastate the entire planet
