The outer shell of the computer is made of a strange, yet surprisingly durable, organic substance that seems to be able to self-heal and adapt to its environment

We were amazed by the intricate network of nanofluidics devices that seem to be seamlessly integrated into the organic material. These devices are able to transport information and signals at lightning speed, allowing for incredibly fast processing and computation

A source measurement unit (SMU, Keithley 3636B) provides the voltage imputs Vq and Vp for the two Q and P memristors involved in the IMP operation. In particular, all terminals belonging to the ionic cells consist of chlorinated tips connected by metal clips to the rest of the circuit. The metal clips are connected by wires to a printet circuit board (PCB) with header pins and BNC connectors. The BNCs are connected to the SMU, providing the Q and P terminals, as well as the ground. The common terminal shared between P and Q is connected to a variable electronic resistor. The other terminal of the variable resistor is connected to the instrument ground. The SMU allows to force Vq and Vp while simultaneously reading Iq and Ip, thus retrieving the data

The computer's architecture is unlike anything I have ever seen before, with layers of organic material and nanofluidics devices working together in perfect harmony. It is clear that the designers of this computer were far more advanced than anything we have on Earth

The computer recovered from the crash site is a remarkable piece of technology that appears to be far advanced compared to current human computing systems. The computer is made of organic material that seems to be alive and is integrated with nanofluidic devices for data processing and storage. Our objective is to understand the functioning of this computer and decipher its operating principles to potentially exploit its advanced capabilities for the benefit of our military forces

The organic material was examined under electron microscopes to understand its structure and composition, while the nanofluidic devices were analyzed for their data processing capabilities

The organic material used in the construction of the computer appears to be a complex biological substance that exhibits characteristics of both living and non-living entities. It seems to be capable of self-repair and regeneration, suggesting a high degree of adaptability and resilience. The nanofluidic devices integrated into the computer are highly sophisticated and are capable of processing vast amounts of data at incredible speeds. These devices utilize a combination of organic and inorganic compounds to perform computations and store information, indicating a fusion of biological and technological elements

Under the application of pressure, ions are moved by advection generated by fluid-flow. While bulk-ions do not contribute to the current as cations and anions compensate for each other, excess counter-ions generate an ionic
streaming
current. Thus mea- suring a streaming current shows channel selectivity and its sign is related to the sign of the net surface charge

The operating principles of the alien computer remain largely unknown, as its interface and controls are yet to be deciphered. However, preliminary analysis suggests that the computer operates on a complex system of neural networks and bio-electrical signals. In contrast, our current prototypes are based on the neuromorphic programming paradigm where, to check HACs’ ability for neuromorphic computing we perform basic pulse programming operation. The device is reset with a high amplitude negative programing pulse and set with a high amplitude positive pulse. The conductance can be measured with a low amplitude positive read pulse. The device can be reset and set with 2s programming pulse and read pulse in one state is around five times larger than read pulse in off states

To enable practical computing applications like logical operations, pattern recognition, or image processing, it is essential to connect multiple memristive devices. This requirement has been identified as a crucial challenge in the field of nanofluidic computing calling for a new generation of compact nanofluidic memristors that offer improved reliability, scalability, and performance
