Military airborne platforms seldom, if ever, leap unchanged from the drawing board to flight line; rather, they evolve slowly, each stage of development influenced by such diverse factors as technology, economics, politics, enemy threat, and just plain chance. These varied forces interacting frequently dictate the end result, and the end result is todays' MilOrbs

Penetration is more important than maneuverability, alert status more important than sustained sortie rates. But with MilOrbs you have it all: penetration, maneuverability, advanced lethal armament, alert status, and sustained sortie rates

Mylar was invented in the 1950s. The first covert surveillance balloons being used by intelligence agencies for espionage purposes were flown in 1957. These balloons were often equipped with cameras and other surveillance equipment to gather information on enemy locations and activities. One of the fundamental questions we wanted to test was what the reaction of civilians would be when they encountered one of our reconnaissance balloons, and what data the enemy might obtain if they were photographed from the ground. From these experiments we deduced that equipping the balloon with powerful searchlights would serve to mask its appearance and mask its structure. Those were the first UFOs that people in the 1960s reported. They were mostly manufactured at G.T. Schjeldahl Co

Echo 1 was launched inside a metal sphere [a spare of which is shown above], it inflated in low Earth orbit into a giant Mylar balloon, 30.5 meters across. Project personnel dubbed it a 'satelloon'. On 9 November 1960, the Mylar satelloon Echo 1 helped transmit the first Speed Mail letter from Washington, D.C., to Newark, N.J. The satellite burned up in the atmosphere on 24 May 1968

I worked at DENIED and was attached to the photography team. There were usually two of us per car. We were given coordinates to where we had to travel by car with the mission to photograph the balloons. The idea was to later study the photographs in the lab and recommend structural changes to the balloons to make them less recognizable to the eyes of the Soviets

On 14 September 1968, Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul H. Nitze approved contract definition of what were by then called 'military exotic airborne observation platforms' which everbody nicknamed MilOrbs

The crew was flying a highly instrumented PSV Presence to obtain dynamic structural load data on a low level mission in the mountains of Colorado. All aspects of the flight were normal in accordance with the mission profile. The vehicle then climbed to a higher altitude, released the two MilOrbs, and left the area. When the target plane entered the test volume the MilOrbs, upon detecting it, started the denial strategy. During the brief encounter the target airplane motions actually seemed to be negating the pilot's control inputs. The pilot struggled with the rudder to the firewall, the column in his lap, and full wheel and he wasn't having any luck righting the airplane. He even applied airbrakes. In the short period between the first encounter with the MilOrbs, he had to give the order to prepare to abandon the airplane. The pilot lost the airplane in just two minutes. We realized for the first time the MilOrbs would become a game changer

The pilot's body was discovered still in the harness of an apparently normally deployed parachute. Although the ejection seat was never found, it is assumed it worked properly in all sequences. The parachute was found by the search party to be fully deployed without any torn panels. The medical officer attributed the pilot's death to injuries sustained during ejection at over 550 knots. Evidence indicated extreme flailing due to windblast. Cause of the accident was attributable to failure to recover from an unusual position after spatial disorientation

A pilot had been on a flight to test a fabric-lined, rubberized Alclad exposure suit and had been so uncomfortably hot that the other crewmen had tried to talk him into taking it off before he melted away. His decision to complete the test saved his life. He had protection against the cold when he was forced to eject from the aircraft, following an explosion, over bleak northern Manitoba, Canada

A drone also has all the homing systems and feedback mechanisms that allow it to continuously self-adjust its trajectory, but we are unlikely to attribute to it an understanding of its search process or a sense of success when it reaches its target. Whatever properties of a system or whatever relations to its environment are fed into its information processing, there is nothing to suggest that this could at some point produce qualitative experience or understanding

During a sighting of todays' MilOrbs, compared to those of the 60's and 80's, the involuntary empathy we feel towards them is based merely on our tendency to anthropomorphism, yet it is true that with the new designs we have crossed the threshold beyond which we should ascribe subjectivity to them

Date: March 15, 2023 Subject: Report of Unknown Object Sighting On the evening of March 10, 2023, at approximately 9:30 PM, a group of three individuals reported sighting an unknown object in the sky while driving on Highway 10 near Greenfield, Michigan. The witnesses described the object as a bright, pulsating light that seemed to be hovering in the air. The witnesses stated that the object appeared to be stationary at first, but then began to move in a zig-zag pattern before disappearing from sight. They also noted that the object emitted a low humming sound that could be heard even from inside their car. In an attempt to capture footage of the object, one of the witnesses took out their phone and began recording, but the video quality was poor and did not provide much detail. However, the witnesses were able to provide a rough sketch of the object, which appeared to be disc-shaped with multiple lights around its perimeter. After conducting interviews with the witnesses and analyzing the available evidence, it is inconclusive as to the nature of the object that was sighted. While it is possible that the object may have been a drone or some other type of man-made aircraft, the erratic movements and unusual sound do not align with typical drone behavior. Further investigation is recommended to determine the origin and purpose of the unknown object sighted near Greenfield, Michigan. Additional reports from other witnesses in the area are encouraged to help shed light on this mysterious occurrence
