both the local theory of mind and the local practices of mental cultivation affect the kinds of unusual sensory experiences that individuals report and the frequency of those experiences. In mentoring a lesser civilization in a specific stage of development, for instance Sol-3 in the Upper Paleolithic, you do not display a spacecraft in their heavens. What you do is to display an impossibly huge deer, or a deer with sparkling horns. In mentoring a lesser civilization you must never forget that cultural ideas and practices do affect mental experience in such a deep way that they lead to the override of ordinary sense perception. On the other hand, you do not display a huge deer with sparkling horns crossing across the blue sky to humans just after they have built their first nuclear bomb; you are supposed to match their current theory of mind and their cultural beliefs and put in their skies flying technological objects or eerie lights

when direct communication with a mentored individual is required, you can use either hallucinations or illusions, depending on what you wish to communicate. A hallucination is a perception, while in a conscious state, in the absence of an external material stimulus, while in an illusion there is an external stimulus too, but the individual is mistaken about what it is

The first basic decision a human takes when exposed to our presence is about whether the source of the experience is internal to their mind or external in the world. It is crucial for them to know this. Therefore, if you project an orb in the middle of a forest to a group of humans, and if you want them to believe the experience is external to their minds, take care to introduce small details affecting their external world, such as breaking a branch of a tree as you pass by, topping upside down some stones, moving the leaves in the opposing direction to that in which the wind blows, or splashing the water surface as you hover over a lake. Make sure they get convinced the experience is external in the world

Remember that someone who is exposed to an ambiguous vision is more likely to interpret it, someone who needs an answer is more likely to listen for one, and someone who believes that an answer can be heard is more likely to hear one. Feeling as if one lacks control makes one more likely to perceive illusory patterns. Take advantage of that

sensory overrides are associated with the capacity to become focused on what humans imagine or see around them, and to allow that focus to increase while diminishing attention to the myriad of everyday distractions around them. The result is that the individual becomes caught up in ideas or images or fascinations, and it is only then when you can transfer your knowledge. Don't forget that the conditions under which someone is expected to experience a vision are socially specific, and that there are prevailing notions about who can be believed and what can be seen and heard according to the belief system and its authority. You need to leave a track on a radar screen if you want to be believed. Popping up in the night sky must be done according to rules, but you are expected to break those rules in quite specific manners for the entire experience to be valid

Remember: visions, dreams, hallucinations, and illusions are far more important than a rational mind when you are to transfer primordial knowledge to lesser civilizations. Primitive archetypes have influenced the development of specific cultures and civilizations. Do not forget that now... the vision  are you

Ritual Communication, Social Elaboration, and the Veritable Trajectories of Paleolithic Material Culture

Palaeolithic Cave Art in Ecological Perspective
