Human brain-power and consciousness are not the the end-all-and-be-all but just the point at which we find ourselves. We know that our capabilities can be readily degraded by trauma or disease, and at some point would drop below any reasonable definition of consciousness. Even if culture does not overwhelm natural selection, we do not have the patience to wait 100,000 years for the next version of Homo sapiens

our current artificial intelligence, with large language models or autonomous agents trained with deep reinforcement learning, are not aware but are just statistical information processing architectures

consciousness is not an algorithm, just awareness of mental states or qualia spaces, hence is not runnable by a Turing machine and consequently it cannot be computed. Algorithms, as purely functional and computational processes, cannot account for being witnesses of subjective experiences, as our definition of consciousness states. It is hence an observation of reality, nor a function of some inputs and output, not a mental state nor a computational state where we can make transitions on. It is just observation of the states, but not a state. But moreover, even in the case of qualia, and following the qualia argument for pure awareness, qualia are inherently non-computational, so it cannot be captured by any algorithmic description

just showing how awareness is not computational as it cannot be run by a Turing machine, as it is not an algorithm, is enough to state that awareness is not computational. Furthermore, we cannot prove mathematically the existence of a subjective reality that cannot be described by inference in the mathematical system

We now know that biological autism is a different kind of phenomenon from what we previously thought, like the shift from thinking about light as a wave to thinking of it as a particle. So, for biological autism, it might be that we previously thought of it simply as a cluster of behaviors but now we identify biological autism with, say, a psychological module, so to speak, or a biological feature of the brain, or a genetic condition; at least with synthetic autism we know what the source of the problem is

The world has changed. Technological risks have grown. But our thinking and strategy have not
