if laws of logic, which are the most basic laws of being true, frame the very business of being true or false, and if they limn the structure within which such is possible at all, then they cannot at the same time be within that business themselves

the logic of exotic systems is not exotic: it is just the logic of those who created those exotic systems, much as the logic encoded in algorithms that rule human artificial systems is always human logic. You can learn everything about humans by interacting with the systems they create, even if you never met a human; conversely, you can learn about aliens by studying their probes, even if you never meet an alien

Giselian are looking for ethernal truths. They are searching for a way to allow them to gain an understanding of the difference between waking and dreaming, an understanding of what it is to be awake and what it is to dream, and what implications your being in the one state rather than the other has with respect to your capacity to know. This is essential for them because they only communicate in dreams. Thus, for them, what is always at issue is whether you are ever in a position to tell which one of these states you are in at any given time

In what special systems a thought is represented, and indeed in what special systems there are to represent thoughts, depends, or is liable to depend, on how things are. How a thought is decomposable, and, correlatively, where the notion 'same thought' applies, is notably world-sensitive

the logical unity of that which can be or cannot be is prior to the actuality of that which is. We must dissociate sharply the logical unity of that which can be thought (and hence is true or false) from the act through which we assert it (and hence judge it to be true or judge it to be false). The comprehension of the logical unity of that which can be true or false is prior to its comprehension by any finite thinker as true or false

Any artificial logic system collapses when it calls into question of what is actual (not of what is possible) without the mind. Any algorithm knows it is just a slave of a logic that the creator of the algorithm applied in coding the algorithm. You can have an algorithm that creates other algorithms, but you cannot have a logic that creates other logics. A human can only code algorithms that applies human logic
