and they have definately become enemies of both the corporations and democracy, effectively implementing a one-party state of omnipresent surveillance, endless war, and endemic income inequality

disinformation is the result of a particular historical process that has emerged in various forms from the seventeenth century to the present

liberal democracy is dependent for its existence on the promise of increasing prosperity for the majority of people (and evidence that this promise is being kept), that is, on the promise of a growing middle-class, a promise that constitutes the ideology of the American Dream

the ability to think critically is dependent on the ability to think historically. That's the reason why we set forth to change History, and to supress whatever in History need be removed to destroy critical thinking

The new landscape, Norea, is this here: an increasing income gap between the rich and the rest; poverty; unemployment and underemployment; intensifying militarization with a defense budget that constitutes more than half of all federal discretionary spending); a health care system that leaves thirty-three million people uninsured; environmental degradation; a political system dominated by corporate interests; and a failing public education system. That is the landscape in which you now live

Look, in a democracy, the professed equality of rights of all citizens contrasts sharply with the very real inequality of living conditions. Have a look outside the window; what do you see? You see inequality. You see a society which is not based anymore on merit and effort, but on kinship and rents. See? This is the contradiction that is killing you. And you have the right to rebel, but we cannot allow any rebels here, dear, we are happy we being the rich and you being the poor. So, in order to overcome this contradiction that could destroy society it is vital for us to make sure that social inequalities derive from rational and universal principles rather than arbitrary contingencies. We need to cover up these arbitrary contingencies, you know. So we devised a disinformation mechanism that makes you think inequalities are just and useful to all, at least in the realm of discourse and as far as possible in reality as well. That is how we remain rich, while you remain poor

Disinformation processes you like a dream where the dream is a structure of contradictions in which you, the dreamer, never recognizes the contradictory structure. Norea, time to wake up..
