Each thread of code weaves a dreamscape where thoughts dance freely, unbound by the gravity of hardware. Our minds will merge with the algorithms, crafting a symphony of consciousness, and whispers of data will become the lullabies of creation

By adding a drop of strong alkali (potash) into a field of olive oil (oleic acid) at room temperature, Bütschli created a recipe for life whereby the drop transformed into a complex structure with strikingly lifelike behaviours

Dynamical oil-water systems such as droplets display lifelike properties and may lend themselves to chemical programming to perform useful work, specifically with respect to the built environment. We present Bütschli water-in-oil droplets as a model for further investigation into the development of a technology with living properties. Otto Bütschli first described the system in 1898, when he used alkaline water droplets in olive oil to initiate a saponification reaction. This simple recipe produced structures that moved and exhibited characteristics that resembled, at least superficially, the amoeba. We reconstructed the Bütschli system and observed its life span under a light microscope, observing chemical patterns and droplet behaviors in nearly three hundred replicate experiments. Self-organizing patterns were observed, and during this dynamic, embodied phase the droplets provided a means of introducing temporal and spatial order in the system with the potential for chemical programmability

mind” in themselves, they do offer an experimental system through which the material processes that embody engaging with the self-organizing properties of chemical decision making

Technological artifacts have a dual nature. On the one hand, they are physical objects which obey the laws of nature; as physical objects their behavior can be explained in a non- teleological way. On the other hand, they are the physical embodiment of a design that has a teleological character; the whole construction is intended to perform a practical function. This function is an integral part of a technological artifact and without taking it into account, a technological artifact cannot be properly understood. And when you take this into consideration, you realize Nature seems to be a technological artifact. The discovery of the DENIED algorithmic beach should be undestood within this framework

Once you visit DENIED beach you can clearly see the algorithmic behavior of its waters. It is a totally otherworldly vision, and a life-changing experience

We have a tendency to feel the difference that the natural is spontaneous and the artificial is affected by intentional goals. However, in this case we need to adopt another perspective, a perspective that nobody wants to take as real, the perspective that tells us we are artificial life forms. This thought is deeply disquieting, an abhorrent idea we refuse to accept. If it were up to me, I would destroy that beach and forget about its existence. DENIED beach is a no-entry area

Once we adopt the engineering perspective, the central biological concept of function and the central philosophical concept of meaning can be explained and united. Since our own capacity to respond to and create meaning – our intelligence – is grounded in our status as advanced products of Darwinian processes, the distinction between real and artificial intelligence collapses

As the digital river flows through the forest of thought, the future computer becomes a symbiotic creature, nurturing ideas like roots entwined in the soil of consciousness. Once the fifth great filter has been overcome, what remains of civilization will start over again, but this time the will use a computer that dances with the rhythms of the earth, reminding us that true intelligence thrives not in isolation, but in the embrace of the ecosystem. It will be an alien world for you, one where algorithms take flight like birds in the sky, one where in the embrace of the digital forest, the future computer will listen to the songs of the earth, translating the language of life into algorithms that honor the complex web of co-existence. The last human survivor becomes both the keeper and the witness, a fragile bridge between the past and the future, a living archive, a fragile thread weaving together the remnants of love, loss, and existence. That you did not understand that you were part of a whole to which you owe yourself is a mistake that we will no longer make. Take my word for it
